" Short Story ",China
" A Terrible Storm ",China
" Eloise McLachlan Grade 5 Ballam Park Primary School ",China
" Short Story ",China
" 2010 ",China
"    A TERRIBLE STORM    ",China
" I felt a cold shiver all over my body. The wind was howling the leaves from the trees were rustling. I was all by myself caught in this storm. Nobody else was outside. They went inside to cover up from the storm. I heard the whoosh from the waves as they crash towards the shore. I knew it was going to be a long night. ",China
" I held myself tightly. In the distance I could see the storm terrorising the town up ahead. I could even hear the light pitter patter of the hail as it stormed down towards the ground. It was coming. The sky started to rumble really loudly. I saw a flash of lightning up ahead. I knew my parents were worried but I wasn t. I was as brave as could be. I charged through the rain getting totally soaked. Just a little rain wouldn t stop me. ",China
" Now the storm was getting really close. I closed my eyes just as another flash of lightning bolted down from the sky. The thunder rolled again for a really long time. Another lightning bolt came from the sky. A crackling sound of thunder made me shiver. I slowed down a bit so I could have a rest but not only for that reason  the storm was here. ",China
" I shielded my face from the terrible winds. I took a deep breath and got up again. I started to walk then jog and then I ran as fast as I could towards home. I stopped silently as the wind died down a bit but not for long. I couldn t see a thing the sky was so dark I couldn t see where I was going. As the sky cleared a bit I smelt the familiar smell. The rain was pitter pattering loudly. ",China
" As I looked in front of me I saw my home. I was finally safe and sound. ",China
" Buscar con una imagen. ",China
" Thunder Storm over Countryside Camargue Bouches du Rhone Provence Alpes Cote d Azur France ",China
"  215291306  content id 215291306title Thunder Storm over Countryside Camargue Bouches du Rhone Provence Alpes Cote d Azur Francecontent type id 1content type image  jpegcontent thumb url https     as2.ftcdn.net  jpg  02  15  29  13  160 F 215291306 L24yamTOm2VSvhRpOpNgZq5yRlDjlC4x.jpgcontent thumb large url https     as2.ftcdn.net  jpg  02  15  29  13  500 F 215291306 L24yamTOm2VSvhRpOpNgZq5yRlDjlC4x.jpgcontent height 334content width 500content original height 4584content original width 6868format jpegcomp file path https     stock.adobe.com  es  Download  Watermarked  215291306author Radius Images author url   es  search creator id 206629074content url https     stock.adobe.com  es  images  thunder storm over countryside camargue bouches du rhone provence alpes cote d azur france  215291306content path   es  images  thunder storm over countryside camargue bouches du rhone provence alpes cote d azur france  215291306is purchasable trueis template falseis chin below falseis video falseis 3D falseis image trueis vector falseis audio falseis illustrative falseis similar id falseis similarity search allowed trueis offensive falsepossible licenses  15 asset type Premium Imagecategory  id 620name Nubes premium level  1 premium image standard premium 3 full PT105 premium image standard premium 3 half PT9 premium level id 4meta description Thunder Storm over Countryside Camargue Bouches du Rhone Provence Alpes Cote d Azur France  comprar esta foto de stock y explorar im u00e1genes similares en Adobe Stockis rush mobile compatible falsethumbnail url https     t4.ftcdn.net  jpg  02  15  29  13  360 F 215291306 L24yamTOm2VSvhRpOpNgZq5yRlDjlC4x.jpgthumbnail width 539thumbnail height 360is lazy loaded falsecan license with cct pro falsefile extension jpeggetSubtypeLabel nullis licensed falsemedia type label Fotograf u00edavideo small preview url nullorder key nullcategory hierarchy Paisajes   Cielo   Nubesavatar nullartist page url   es  contributor  206629074  radius images load type authoris premium truepossible data premium  1  image dpi 300image license name XXLimage ratio 1image width 6868image height 4584 10  image dpi 300image license name XXLimage ratio 1image width 6868image height 4584 5  image dpi 74image license name Mimage ratio 4.0706207983800002381258309469558298587799072265625image width 1687image height 1126  thumbnail url webp https     t4.ftcdn.net  jpg  02  15  29  13  360 F 215291306 L24yamTOm2VSvhRpOpNgZq5yRlDjlC4x.webpextended license price nulldownloaded falsedefault license id 1license details  1  product key   Applications  StockPT10license price 49999 u00a0 u20acfacing price downloaded false 5  product key   Applications  StockPT9license price 24999 u00a0 u20acfacing price downloaded false  is allowed and purchasable falseis quotable falseis not allowed by org admin false   ",China
" 27 Scottish Words And Phrases To Describe The Weather ",China
" The Scots love to blether about the weather. Perhaps this is why they have over 400 words for snow. Oh and the old saying  if you like the weather in Scotland wait half an hour and it will change  couldn t be more accurate. Although  dreich  will forever be the favourite here are some of the best Scottish weather related words. ",China
" Dreich ",China
" Meaning dreary gloomy bleak miserable grey depressing devoid of sunshine  you get the picture  The mothership of all Scottish weather words and used more times that cans of Irn Bru are opened it s no shocker that  dreich  was voted by Scots as the nation s most favourite word in a government poll. ",China
" Pure Baltic ",China
" It s absolutely  insert swear word  freezing to the point that you will probably be chitterin   shivering  away. ",China
" Snell ",China
" Frightfully freezing to the point that it feels like the weather is piercing your skin. ",China
" Flaggie ",China
" A muckle  large  snowflake. ",China
" A Dreich Day In Glasgow ",China
" Fret ",China
" Dinnae fret for a  fret  is a piercingly chilly and damp mist hurtling in from the sea. ",China
" Mochie ",China
" Can be applied to those squirmy moments when clamminess cloaks you and warm uncomfortable dampness sets in due to those horrid humid days. ",China
" Bullet Stanes ",China
" Quite simply hail stones. ",China
" Drookit ",China
" Totally and utterly soaked to the bone drenched sodden soaking. If your clothes are  drookit  then you clearly didnae hae a brolly  umbrella  or perhaps the rain was so torrential that the brolly couldn t stop your clothes fae being drookit  ",China
" Jeelit ",China
" A great sounding word meaning absolutely bloody freezing. ",China
" Sump ",China
" When the rain comes down with gusto and great strength. ",China
" Gloaming ",China
" That alluring and evocative twilight dusk that descends upon a place in the early hours of the evening. Dates back to the fifteenth century in an old Scots text   the glomyng of the nycht . ",China
" Greetie ",China
" Coming from  greet  the Scots for  cry   greetie  means raining and showering down. ",China
" Haar ",China
" If you can spy the haar venturing in then you are witnessing that notable wispy mist gliding in from the East. ",China
" Plowetery ",China
" If it s plowetery then it s all a bit of a shambles really. Rainy showery grimy and damp. ",China
" Oorlich ",China
" The word  oorlich  meaning undesirably damp nippy cold and chilly is a grand chance to accentuate the Scots  ich  sound. NOT to be pronounced  oor lick   ",China
" Smirr ",China
" That annoying drizzling kind of rain that ruins your day. It s not epic enough to have a lazy  rain day  indoors but still manages to soak you slowly but surely. ",China
" Feefle ",China
" A word used to describe that magical swirling twirling dancing kind of snow that makes you want to build a snowman. ",China
" Flindrikin ",China
" Just a wee bout of snow here and there. ",China
" Stermm ",China
" The stuff of stars  ",China
" Stars Above Dunure Castle ",China
" Spitters ",China
" The kind of slushy chilly snowflakes or icy raindrops that touch your skin during a firm gust of wind. ",China
" Unbrak ",China
" Used to describe moments when a thaw is on its way. ",China
" Pish oot ",China
" An intense downpour when it s  pishing it doon   ",China
" Watergaw ",China
" See Scottish poet Hugh McDiarmid s poem  The Watergaw  for an in depth description. You know when you see a rainbow but then realise it s not a full rainbow rather a hypnotic snippet of a rainbow with no pot of gold at the end  That potion of colours is a  watergaw  and emerges after a hefty bout of rain. Do not confuse it with a rainbow. ",China
" Auld wives and pike staves ",China
" In other words  it s raining cats and dogs   ",China
"  The rain is God s way o  cleanin  the coos  ",China
" Every cloud has a silver lining  ",China
"  Cast not a clout till May is oot  ",China
" Words of wisdom. Basically you don t want to look like  mutton dressed as lamb  going about the place like a dafty wearing sandals exposing your toes when the weather isn t even in full summer swing yet  Wait until the blossoms of May reveal themselves. ",China
" Yer grandpa s like the weather   nae pattern  ",China
" The good old Scottish weather is unpredictable to say the least. ",China
" Cookies Policy ",China
" We and our partners use cookies to better understand your needs improve performance and provide you with personalised content and advertisements. To allow us to provide a better and more tailored experience please click OK ",China
" See a Problem  ",China
" We d love your help. Let us know what s wrong with this preview of I Capture the Castle by Dodie Smith. ",China
" Preview   I Capture the Castle by Dodie Smith ",China
" I Capture the Castle ",China
" Through six turbulent months of 1934 17 year old Cassandra Mortmain keeps a journal filling three notebooks with sharply funny yet poignant entries about her home a ruined Suffolk castle and her eccentric and penniless family. By the time the last diary shuts there have been great changes in the Mortmain household not the least of which is that Cassandra is deeply h Through six turbulent months of 1934 17 year old Cassandra Mortmain keeps a journal filling three notebooks with sharply funny yet poignant entries about her home a ruined Suffolk castle and her eccentric and penniless family. By the time the last diary shuts there have been great changes in the Mortmain household not the least of which is that Cassandra is deeply hopelessly in love. ...more ",China
" Reader Q A ",China
" Ra Da It s a sharp reuse of Austenian conventions in a 20th century context reusing the marriage plot to question the opportunities for women in society b moreIt s a sharp reuse of Austenian conventions in a 20th century context reusing the marriage plot to question the opportunities for women in society but in a personable relatable funny way. The big questions about life relationships love death work... I could go on. I first read it as a teenager but whenever I go back to it I find something new. This is a masterpiece. less  ",China
" Amy Although the book itself takes place throughout an entire year it gives me a distinct feeling of early spring. I think it s the constant mentioning o moreAlthough the book itself takes place throughout an entire year it gives me a distinct feeling of early spring. I think it s the constant mentioning of mist and new beginnings that does it. less  ",China
" My name is Cassandra Mortmain I know it sounds made up but it s true. I m 17 and bright as a button and never been kissed because it s the 1930s. My family are effortlessly bohemian we all live in a crumbling castle   oh yes quite literally    and we have no money at all and we have only barely heard of the twentieth century. How poor we are since father stopped earning any money. He used to be a genius but now he does crosswords. We eat the occasional potato and scrape plaster off the walls My name is Cassandra Mortmain I know it sounds made up but it s true. I m 17 and bright as a button and never been kissed because it s the 1930s. My family are effortlessly bohemian we all live in a crumbling castle   oh yes quite literally    and we have no money at all and we have only barely heard of the twentieth century. How poor we are since father stopped earning any money. He used to be a genius but now he does crosswords. We eat the occasional potato and scrape plaster off the walls for pudding. We have thought of cooking one of our dogs but that would not do. Also something you should be aware of although you will find out pretty soon I believe is that I suffer from acute logorrhoea which is a debilitating condition that impels its victim to write a never ending journal into which is debouched every last possible banal but extremely charming detail of one s life and that of one s immediate family which is the pulchritudinous Rose my 21 year old sister my doughty schoolboy brother my poor damaged papa who wrote one brilliant book once but has since sunk into a kind of bewilderment and his nude model youngish wife the unusual lute playing nature communing Topaz whom we love immoderately in spite of her frank farfetchedness along with various cats and dogs with classically derived names and a servant boy called Stephen who gauchely is in love with my 17 year old preciousness and whom we do not pay but who contrives to be preternaturally handsome and work for us for free. Anyone might think I have made all this up out of my own coquettish head  ",China
" We may live in a literal castle but we haven t got the price of a loaf of bread. It s enough to make a cat laugh. Our situation is so wry that fairly broad comedy oozes from its very pores. Rose said only last night that she was quite up to walking the streets to earn a crust if she thought it would do any good but the quaint rural byways of the Suffolk countryside don t possess the required type of street. So here I am as usual sitting on something odd it could be a turret or a tuffet or a large mammal carefully noting down in my journal everything I hear and see along with the weather at the time and the precise location of the several animals we own what I am wearing and what my immediate family are wearing with various passing references to the utter beauty of the crumbling literal castle that we all inhabit over which the moon sheds its downy light and lambent whatnots. ",China
" Four months later ",China
" Something has actually happened  Yes new owners of the mansion have taken possession   new neighbours  And it s just like a fairytale for they are none other than two handsome American bachelors with whom I and my sister will fall in love and they with ourselves naturellement. But not before many pages of microscopic examination of every trifling occurrence so that a single evening in their company will take 30 pages for me to detail and the sisterly debate about it another ten. And certainly not before much gentle yet sharply observed observations on the romantic yearnings of two beautiful yet penniless girls who get the brothers the wrong way round at first. Now let me explain how I first met the American brothers. I was in the bath and I had been dying clothes that day so my entire body was coloured a violent sea green and they wandered into the crumbling castle thinking no one could possibly live there. Imagine the scene  They took me for some kind of turtle. ...more ",China
" If I say that this novel didn t require me to do any work it sounds like a vague insult as if I m saying that the story or the characters were slight and that s not at all what I mean. I mean that the novel both through format  a very self aware narrator s journal  and authorial intent  with a firm eye on the sort of story telling pedigree that brought her there  anticipated my readerly needs and desires with such swiftness that I felt agreeably anticipa What a generous caretaker of a novel. ",China
" If I say that this novel didn t require me to do any work it sounds like a vague insult as if I m saying that the story or the characters were slight and that s not at all what I mean. I mean that the novel both through format  a very self aware narrator s journal  and authorial intent  with a firm eye on the sort of story telling pedigree that brought her there  anticipated my readerly needs and desires with such swiftness that I felt agreeably anticipatory and satisfied at all times. I did not have to tell myself to be patient to wait for one plot line to play out because the book helpfully plied me with a pleasant drink while I waited. I did not feel done after it had given me a good meal because right before the last course it promised dessert. ",China
" The summary is accurate and pointless. It is about Cassandra writing about herself in a journal. Their family is penniless. They do live in a castle. She is as it promises deeply hopelessly in love. ",China
" But not with any of the men in the book. They re all intriguing in their own way don t get me wrong and she does love many of them in many different ways. The novel takes place in one of my favorite intellectual time periods to read and study and this book plays across all of its nuances  artists  models and intellectuals servants  quarters and vicars romanticism and mysticism the religion of church and the religion of a well turned out drawing room. But all of that is sort of beyond the point. The point is that Cassandra is deeply hopelessly in love with life and her utter wry engagement with the castle she adores is what pulled me through the pages. Her voice is kind and self deprecating generous and wondering. The humans she observes   Topaz her often nude step mother  Rose her selfish and hungry sister  Mortmain her once famous father   are all seen through this well meaning gaze and even terrible events are colored with love  even when I thought characters could do with a polite punch in the mouth . ",China
" This book took very good care of me. It goes onto my comfortable re read shelf immediately. ...more ",China
" This is going to be the shortest review I ve written on this site in a while. The reason I m going to keep it short is because no description could possibly do justice to this quintessentially English coming of age story which ranks among the most pleasant surprises I ve had book wise. A summary would make it sound slight trite and predictable all of which it is and would not reflect the fact that it s also funny as hell charismatic deliciously eccentric Austenesque and so utterly charmin This is going to be the shortest review I ve written on this site in a while. The reason I m going to keep it short is because no description could possibly do justice to this quintessentially English coming of age story which ranks among the most pleasant surprises I ve had book wise. A summary would make it sound slight trite and predictable all of which it is and would not reflect the fact that it s also funny as hell charismatic deliciously eccentric Austenesque and so utterly charming that I quite literally had sore cheeks after reading it because I couldn t stop smiling at the delightful nonsense the incomparable Cassandra Mortmain spilled out on the pages. I m not exaggerating here    this book will charm the pants off you especially if you happen to have two X chromosomes and a bad case of Anglophilia. It s what would happen if an early twentieth century Jane Austen were to grow up in a dilapidated castle and get into financial trouble and that s all I m going say about it except that I want to be Cassandra Mortmain when I grow down. Only I think I ll write my book on a computer rather than sitting in the kitchen sink because it would be so much more comfortable thank you very much. ",China
" That s right. I really liked it. And I m not ashamed to admit it. Now would you please excuse me while I go read Hemingway and then kill something with my bare hands. That s right. I really liked it. And I m not ashamed to admit it. Now would you please excuse me while I go read Hemingway and then kill something with my bare hands. ...more ",China
"  2.99 Kindle sale May 1 2020. 4  stars. Recommended if you like historical coming of age fiction. ",China
" I had never heard of I Capture the Castle until a friend gave it an extremely strong recommendation. Dodie Smith is the author of The 101 Dalmatians  the original basis for the Disney movie and the only reason I was familiar with her name  which I read many years ago and really enjoyed. ",China
" This 1948 novel is about an intelligent 17 year old girl Cassandra Mortmain who lives in semi genteel but cru  2.99 Kindle sale May 1 2020. 4  stars. Recommended if you like historical coming of age fiction. ",China
" I had never heard of I Capture the Castle until a friend gave it an extremely strong recommendation. Dodie Smith is the author of The 101 Dalmatians  the original basis for the Disney movie and the only reason I was familiar with her name  which I read many years ago and really enjoyed. ",China
" This 1948 novel is about an intelligent 17 year old girl Cassandra Mortmain who lives in semi genteel but crushing poverty in mid 1930s England in a dilapidated castle. Cassandra has ambitions of becoming an author like her father. Her story is told in the form of her journal entries as she practices her writing skills to try to learn to capture  the castle as well as the people in her life in her writing. ",China
" Cassandra skillfully describes her father s distance and failure to do anything to provide for the family her stepmother s charm and eccentricity and her older sister Rose s despair at their isolation and poverty. But what broke my heart was her matter of fact descriptions of how their poverty affects their lives every day  the too small worn out clothing the girls have to wear  her gratitude for having eggs along with bread and margarine for their evening meal  the way the girls trade off sleeping in the one comfortable bed in their room  which hasn t been sold only because it s in such bad shape . Rose the more beautiful sister is grimly determined to escape from poverty even if she has to marry a man she doesn t love. When two young American brothers move into town  the older son Simon is the family s new and wealthy landlord  the Mortmains  lives are all turned topsy turvy with love romance and secrets. ",China
" Cassandra s insights into own and others  personalities and motivations are sharp and witty and occasionally even a little prophetic  I think the symbolism of her name from Greek mythology is deliberate although she misses at least one major secret that a member of her own family is hiding. The characters are believable and human sometimes frustratingly so with their flaws. I particularly wanted to smack Cassandra s father upside the head  he s a well known author with one famous book to his credit but for the last ten years he s been struggling with a massive case of writer s block hiding away in his home office reading detective novels and working on crosswords while his family sells the furniture to survive. ",China
" I thought there were just a few missteps in the story  the chain of unrequited love interests was pushing the boundaries of believability  woman wants boy who loves girl who loves another guy who loves another girl who loves  . I guessed one big reveal at the end fairly early in the story. Cassandra spends a chapter or two examining her views on religion and talking to the local vicar and then never mentions it again which made me wonder why it was included in the first place. ",China
" But these are minor flaws. Cassandra is an enchanting character and a fantastic narrator surrounded by some unforgettable characters. This is a lovely bittersweet novel that doesn t go for the easy resolution. ...more ",China
" With many of my favorite books I can still remember the person who put a copy in my hands. Matilda was given to me for my 8th birthday by my stepdad the title Pride and Prejudice scribbled on a piece of paper and handed to me by my young  must ve been straight out of college  7th grade English teacher   she gave me the paper and sent me to the library to find it and I still remember sitting in that classroom taking in the opening page with grand delight .... ",China
" I hadn t ever heard of I Capture the With many of my favorite books I can still remember the person who put a copy in my hands. Matilda was given to me for my 8th birthday by my stepdad the title Pride and Prejudice scribbled on a piece of paper and handed to me by my young  must ve been straight out of college  7th grade English teacher   she gave me the paper and sent me to the library to find it and I still remember sitting in that classroom taking in the opening page with grand delight .... ",China
" I hadn t ever heard of I Capture the Castle until Stephanie handed me a yellowed beaten up well loved copy. To keep   At least I think it was for keeps   was it Stephanie   I still have it if you need it back   I was about to leave for France. I saved the book for the trip started it in Bretagne in a little loft bedroom and couldn t put it down. Read it late at night when everyone else was sleeping sometimes suck outside and read it with a pack of Camel oranges. The story is lovely haunting hilarious. One of the great poor girls coming of age stories.... And any girl who has a tendency to romanticize the world in bizarre ways will find a kindred spirit in Cassandra. I know I did. ...more ",China
" What to say what to say  Hard to put down all the feelings. To put it simply  you did everything right. The characterization like flowers slowly blooming. The story like seasons changing invisibly but inevitably. The romance made both heartfelt and utterly often infuriatingly real. The details oh the details  I was put right into this world and right into Cassandra s head. And the charm  You are such a charming book   so amusing and so sweet tempered yet with a ",China
" Dear I Capture the Castle ",China
" What to say what to say  Hard to put down all the feelings. To put it simply  you did everything right. The characterization like flowers slowly blooming. The story like seasons changing invisibly but inevitably. The romance made both heartfelt and utterly often infuriatingly real. The details oh the details  I was put right into this world and right into Cassandra s head. And the charm  You are such a charming book   so amusing and so sweet tempered yet with a certain saltiness as well and a sharp tang. Head in the clouds  feet firmly planted on earth. You are a love letter to the past and to writing and to what makes a home and to young people with all of their future ahead of them and older people who have all of their future ahead of them. You are a love letter to love  I fell in love with you in turn. I would change nothing about you. ",China
" DEAR HATERS ",China
" NO THIS IS NOT SUPPOSED TO BE A YOUNG ADULT BOOK  IT IS A BOOK ABOUT YOUNG ADULTS. SOMETIMES THERE IS A DIFFERENCE. ",China
" NO THIS BOOK IS NOT LIKE POND SCUM AND USING THAT DESCRIPTION FOR IT SAYS MORE ABOUT YOU THAN IT DOES ABOUT THE BOOK. ",China
" NO THE FATHER IS NEITHER SEXIST NOR ABUSIVE FOR CHRISSAKES. ",China
" YES ALL OF THE NUMEROUS AND OFTEN QUIRKY DETAILS ARE THERE FOR A REASON. THEY ARE THERE TO PUT THE READER IN CASSANDRA S MIND AND INTO THE WORLD OF THE BOOK. I M SORRY YOU DON T UNDERSTAND THAT. PLEASE STOP READING BOOKS LIKE THIS. ",China
" Dear Friends ",China
" It is so very nice that we have this book in common  I congratulate us on our mutual good taste  Our ability to enter into a new world and experience new things and new people with patience and an open heart are all hallmarks of our exquisitely nuanced tender and subtle sensibilities as well as our sublime and near saintly powers of empathy  People like us are as they say Simply The Best  Now let s have a nice cup of tea together shall we  ",China
" The first half of this was like Jane Austen herself descended from the heavens  godlike  and delivered me personally a gift. ",China
" The second half of this is like Jane Austen removed the mask and revealed she was just Some Romance Writer   not to be confused with a good romance writer of which there are many   and then she also punched me in the stomach. ",China
" In other words I suffered unimaginably. ",China
" Everyone goes ON and ON about this protagonist Cassandra. She is the most charming creature in the history The first half of this was like Jane Austen herself descended from the heavens  godlike  and delivered me personally a gift. ",China
" The second half of this is like Jane Austen removed the mask and revealed she was just Some Romance Writer   not to be confused with a good romance writer of which there are many   and then she also punched me in the stomach. ",China
" In other words I suffered unimaginably. ",China
" Everyone goes ON and ON about this protagonist Cassandra. She is the most charming creature in the history of the world  says JK Rowling. She is a hero  says a heroic person. She is me reincarnated  says God. ",China
" And yeah at first she s pretty cool. Very cool even. ",China
" But then she sucks. ",China
" Basically everyone was great at first and then everyone sucks and also the book was great at first and then sucks.  Don t make this into some grand metaphor about life   I suffered      ",China
" This is not even my sometimes bias against romance showing.  Except okay maybe it is a little bit.  But in this book we go from a quirky ragtag family living in a dilapidated CASTLE in the English COUNTRYSIDE to...unrequited love. And sisterly hate. And family separation. And heartbreak and betrayal and sorrow and a whole lot of other things. ",China
" Things that are my least favorite things. ",China
" In conclusion   JusticeforStephen2020. ",China
" Bottom line  This may have been designed as a torture device for me specifically using a complicated series of time machines and nightmare infiltration. ",China
"               pre review ",China
" too much lovey dovey stuff not enough practical instruction on the day to day of castle acquisition. ",China
" This review has been hidden because it contains spoilers. To view it click here. i found this book to alternate between delightful and infuriating. ",China
" here is the delightful   images of the english countryside and the crumbling fantastic castle  cassandra s optimism and intelligence  pre simon   perfect descriptions of peaceful contemplative moments ",China
" and here is the infuriating   cassandra s father. a supposed genius but in reality a sexist abusive loathsome distant fellow. he appears sporadically to ignore his children leave his wife lonely make everyone question his sanity i found this book to alternate between delightful and infuriating. ",China
" here is the delightful   images of the english countryside and the crumbling fantastic castle  cassandra s optimism and intelligence  pre simon   perfect descriptions of peaceful contemplative moments ",China
" and here is the infuriating   cassandra s father. a supposed genius but in reality a sexist abusive loathsome distant fellow. he appears sporadically to ignore his children leave his wife lonely make everyone question his sanity and demand his supper from the ladies of the house. the frustrating part of this character is that his terrible behavior is overlooked and often glorified when he should be taken to task. i spent a good part of this book longing for someone to throw him into the moat. ",China
"  cassandra s personality meltdown after falling in love. the optimistic intelligent loving happy girl turns at once into a mean spirited self centered fool. she begins to hate her sister and engage in other sorts of petty miserable behavior. not only is her change of heart unbelievable in how quickly and totally she becomes a different  mean angry self centered  person but somehow the author seems to insinuate that this very change of heart  for the worst   is in itself the act of growing up. what a sad commentary on aging cassandra s behavior is  ",China
" the back of the book declares by the time she  cassandra  pens her final entry she has captured the castle. . . i do not believe that cassandra captures the castle by the end of this book. i think she loses the castle. she has lost her optimism and her ability to write without a certain bitterness. her words are tainted by her own anger sadness jealousy about her troublesome love. i feel that capturing the castle would have meant cassandra maintaining her original good nature selflessness and happiness despite her failure in love. it would have been rectifying  in person  her horrid behavior towards her sister and most certainly standing up to her father. ...more ",China
" Cassandra   her family inhabit a castle in conditions of extreme poverty. Cassandra captures both her family s character   their eccentric life style beautifully in her journals  a very rare example of a diary narration working  . Different styles   depths of love are explored. I will never be persuaded that Cassandra s father is a likeable  or even admirable  character but genius is often uncomfortable to be around. ",China
" A chance to enter a long vanished world that s This novel was darn near perfect. ",China
" Cassandra   her family inhabit a castle in conditions of extreme poverty. Cassandra captures both her family s character   their eccentric life style beautifully in her journals  a very rare example of a diary narration working  . Different styles   depths of love are explored. I will never be persuaded that Cassandra s father is a likeable  or even admirable  character but genius is often uncomfortable to be around. ",China
" A chance to enter a long vanished world that should not be missed. ...more ",China
" This review has been hidden because it contains spoilers. To view it click here. Dodie Smith s I Capture the Castle is a charming and surprising read. I was enchanted by the first paragraph but never did I imagine that it would be the sort of book that left me speechless at the end  in awe and contemplative and wanting to read more but knowing that anything else I picked up just wouldn t feel right. ",China
" The narrator who is consciously attempting to capture in her journal her family s eccentric and impoverished life in their unfurnished deteriorating castle home is simply en Dodie Smith s I Capture the Castle is a charming and surprising read. I was enchanted by the first paragraph but never did I imagine that it would be the sort of book that left me speechless at the end  in awe and contemplative and wanting to read more but knowing that anything else I picked up just wouldn t feel right. ",China
" The narrator who is consciously attempting to capture in her journal her family s eccentric and impoverished life in their unfurnished deteriorating castle home is simply enchanting. The book is very much about writing  the seventeen year old protagonist Cassandra aspires to be a writer and her strange father rose to fame through the art  and Smith weaves a tale full of wit and charm. As I read I was struck by the tension between my desire to read quickly to watch the story unfold and my desire to savor each delightful description and thoughtful reflection. ",China
" The novel took me completely by surprise when it shifted tone near its middle. I realize now that the early parts of the novel were the records of a carefree and intelligent child and that in the later parts the child must begin to grow up. I as a reader felt the burden of her maturing outlook. It felt like a nineteenth century Romance was smacked upside the head with Modernist Realism. And I think Smith was going for that. She warned me partway through.  I didn t want to listen.  The early parts of the book were sprinkled with allusions to Austen and the Bronte sisters while the latter half was more preoccupied with Cassandra s father s clearly Modernist work. There was more rural country in the beginning and more city life at the end. Even a shift in discussion of art from Topaz s paintings and lute to Stephen s photographs and films. So I guess it had to have a more realistic end. Though Austen wouldn t have ended the book the way I d have liked it to end anyway  Robert Martin may be suitable for Harriet Smith but even the best of his class wouldn t have been acceptable for Emma. And perhaps even Emma could not have been taught to deserve one such as he. ",China
" I still can t sum up this book. Except that I think that I loved it. ",China
" Quotes  ",China
" Contemplation seems to be about the only luxury that costs nothing. ",China
" When I read a book I put in all the imagination I can so that it is almost like writing the book as well as reading it  or rather it is like living it. ",China
" My imagination longs to dash ahead and plan developments  but I have noticed that when things happen in one s imaginings they never happen in one s life so I am curbing myself. ",China
" Noble deeds and hot baths are the best cures for depression. ",China
" I know all about the facts of life. And I don t think much of them. ",China
" The originators among writers  perhaps in a sense the only true creators  dip deep and bring up one perfect work  complete not a link in a chain. ",China
" It was like the difference between the beautiful old Godsend graves and the new ones open to receive coffins... that time takes the ugliness and horror out of death and turns it into beauty. ",China
" On Religion  I think it is an art the greatest one  and extension of the communion all the other arts attempt. ",China
" On the word God  It s merely shorthand for where we come from where we re going and what it s all about. ",China
" Sacrifice is the secret  you have to sacrifice things for art and it s the same with religions  and then the sacrifice turns out to be a gain. ",China
" You lose yourself in something beyond yourself and it s a lovely rest. ...more ",China
" I was expecting to absolutely adore this and am so sad that I hated it    This was honestly just SO boring and unnecessarily long and I didn t care for any of the characters. Their father was abusive and horrible and nobody seemed to care and they were all so superficial  All they cared about was money and status and Cassandra was so horrible to everyone  Poor Stephen omg. Also the ending SUCKED so there s that. I was expecting to absolutely adore this and am so sad that I hated it    This was honestly just SO boring and unnecessarily long and I didn t care for any of the characters. Their father was abusive and horrible and nobody seemed to care and they were all so superficial  All they cared about was money and status and Cassandra was so horrible to everyone  Poor Stephen omg. Also the ending SUCKED so there s that. ...more ",China
" It is difficult for me to say why I found I Capture the Castle so personally meaningful which may mean that I will be falling all over myself in this review. When I first started reading I was bored and feared that the poverty of the characters would become dirty and depressing for its own sake as in Angela s Ashes. Instead it s more like a lovely BBC movie where people are always chewing with their mouth open but somehow it is only charming. At first I resisted liking anything about it inc It is difficult for me to say why I found I Capture the Castle so personally meaningful which may mean that I will be falling all over myself in this review. When I first started reading I was bored and feared that the poverty of the characters would become dirty and depressing for its own sake as in Angela s Ashes. Instead it s more like a lovely BBC movie where people are always chewing with their mouth open but somehow it is only charming. At first I resisted liking anything about it including Cassandra s repeated use of the word capture but now I find myself thinking about how to describe this or that and involuntarily using the word capture in my thoughts. The story is at times screwball and at times elegant but always delightful and completely won me over. ",China
" Perhaps part of the reason I resisted this book is that I came to it thinking it would be romance  because of the movie poster cover of the book which says something like A well loved classic that has become the most romantic movie of the year   hate those movie poster covers  but it is actually more than anything a coming of age story. I say this because I think that whether you prefer coming of age or romance it helps to know what you re getting into when you start a book. In my experience romantic novels solve the problems of life by bringing characters together in true love. I Capture the Castle is written through Cassandra s eyes so it does not rely on romantic satisfaction to tell the story as perhaps it would have if it were told by another character in the same book. Rather like any good coming of age story develops through revelations of the unreliability of people around Cassandra and her discovery her own independence and capabilities. I must confess that what first hooked me on this book was Simon s beard. I have said that I am a sucker for a good fish story and it turns out that I think I am a sucker for a good beard story too. I thought the girls  fascination and horror over his beard were both hilarious and correct. I wonder why I don t see beards in stories more often. Really when anyone I have known has a beard it comes up in conversation almost any time the person is mentioned   and rightly so. I once asked a friend of mine who had a bushy beard before he met his fiance why he would have chosen to grow it out like that. He said that the reason any man who can grow a big bushy beard should is that the bigger your beard the more authority you have over people in general and specifically over other men. He said there is something almost magical about having a big bushy beard that makes other people have to do whatever you want. I told him that was absolutely silly. Then about a week later I was at the grocery store deciding which line to go through and one of the checkers who was otherwise very ordinary looking had an enormous bushy beard. I instinctively went to his line and then a second later was shocked to realized that I had only done that because of the beard. I don t know if that proves my friend s point but it has to mean something. I wonder if the castle girls weren t experiencing something like this beard hypnosis in the beginning of the novel. ",China
" To go ahead and beat this beard point to death  I also thought it was lovely how Dodie Smith developed the beard s story. I always see authors showing the physical changes love supposedly brings to women but not men. The women are pale and thin until they fall in love when suddenly they become healthy looking. In I Capture the Castle Simon looks suspiciously like Satan until he falls in love and shaves the beard. Brilliant  Also it has the self serving overtones of Elizabeth Bennet s visit to Pemberly in Pride and Prejudice when the mansion shows Mr. Darcy s manners in a different light. Beardless Simon makes even his actions when bearded much less sinister. Love it. ",China
" You may not believe me if you have read this far when I say that Simon s beard was not what was personally meaningful to me about this story. Not surprisingly I think it was Cassandra herself who seemed so profound. In many ways I did not identify with her but I loved her. I found myself crying at times not necessarily because her growing pains revealed my own but only in sympathy for this new friend I found who I love so much. I loved how wise and kind and scrappy she was. I actually loved every character in this novel though as they all had some kind of magical and hilarious individuality. It is tempting to copy some of the most beautiful moments here but instead I think you should just read the book. On the one hand I am sad that I did not read this in high school when I think it may have been a more cathartic experience but I wonder if its honesty might have hurt my feelings then. As it is I found it both refreshing and comforting. ...more ",China
" I m glad I finished my reading year of 2014 with this book because this was amazing  Cassandra starts out as the sweetest child who conducts a diary which she writes through speed writing. I found this very entertaining because we get to be inside a 17 year old girl s mind and see things from her perspective. Cassandra is quite na ve but she is also so adorable that you can t help but fall in love with her. The same goes for her family and Stephen who was my favourite character. I LOVED the fir I m glad I finished my reading year of 2014 with this book because this was amazing  Cassandra starts out as the sweetest child who conducts a diary which she writes through speed writing. I found this very entertaining because we get to be inside a 17 year old girl s mind and see things from her perspective. Cassandra is quite na ve but she is also so adorable that you can t help but fall in love with her. The same goes for her family and Stephen who was my favourite character. I LOVED the first half of this book and how we get to see Cassandra and her sister grow up so quickly. I also loved the storyline and the mildly crazy father and stepmother and I loved the several interesting scenes that we are presented with. I liked the second half of the book as well but that s when Cassandra s behaviour started annoying me a lot and I didn t understand all of her decisions. That s what makes me give this book 4 stars but despite its deficiencies this is such an enjoyable and quick read and I think everyone should read it at least once in their lifetime    ...more ",China
" Why is summer mist romantic and autumn mist just sad  ",China
" I had high hopes for I Capture the Castle. Not being a Modern Classics person but loving Cold Comfort Farm I had the view that it would be fairly similar. It was fairly similar but nowhere near as good  in fact I d say it was the same thing but written by a three year old like some kind of early Public School attempt at a pastiche. ",China
" Why is summer mist romantic and autumn mist just sad  ",China
" I had high hopes for I Capture the Castle. Not being a Modern Classics person but loving Cold Comfort Farm I had the view that it would be fairly similar. It was fairly similar but nowhere near as good  in fact I d say it was the same thing but written by a three year old like some kind of early Public School attempt at a pastiche. ",China
" The story in itself is nothing particularly exciting. It is a regular family saga with pennies missing and food scarce selfish women who can t do any work themselves unless it involves getting naked  either modelling or for sexual intercourse reasons  and can survive only by marriage. Which LUCKILY happens so yippee  all of which is seen and narrated through the eyes and lips of seventeen year old Cassandra. ",China
" One cannot even blame the times this book was written in because even though no woman has ever had a back bone pre 2012  one still hopes they would at least starve to death before lowering themselves to marrying Americans for goodness sake. ",China
" The characters are all facsimiles of the lower upper middle class of England who probably had a bit of Old Money tucked away but spent it all on a charming castle because well you would wouldn t you  The Castle was the best character of the whole piece. That thing had style and sophistication and that s saying something considering it was half caved in and needed blowing up with C 4 let alone new wallpaper. One would hope that at least one character would have a personality but instead we have a mixed bunch of people who all seem to have one trait and wear it loudly. I can t even hear Celia Johnson s accent in this bunch because they all seemed to whisper a lot even when they were apparently shouting. ",China
" What more can be said  I think it was an attempt to be satirical at the posh nobs in the same way Cold Comfort Farm was and maybe tried it s hardest to be a kind of new wave post Victorian classic saga of life and love but was also denouncing those flouncy writers who bloody loved the countryside too much how dare they when they lived in the Industrial Revolution and the countryside didn t even exist any more but sadly it was nothing but utter toilet bowl water. ...more ",China
" It was recommended to me by the librarian at school and at first I was a bit apprehensive. I was a timid reader when I was thirteen I d rarely read anything other than Harry Potter. But this book from the very first page gripped me in a way that no other book ever has done. I sat with the book on my lap under the table in every lesson at school I passed on watching the television when I got home instead rushing to my room to curl up on my couch and continue reading This book changed my life. ",China
" It was recommended to me by the librarian at school and at first I was a bit apprehensive. I was a timid reader when I was thirteen I d rarely read anything other than Harry Potter. But this book from the very first page gripped me in a way that no other book ever has done. I sat with the book on my lap under the table in every lesson at school I passed on watching the television when I got home instead rushing to my room to curl up on my couch and continue reading. ",China
" This is the book that I have to thank for my love of literature. I opened my mind and unlocked within me an addiction that means I can t let a day go by without turning the pages of a book. ...more ",China
" I Capture the castle was a disappointment. The blurb had lead me to believe that I was going to experience the pleasures of living in a beautiful castle steeped in history with a charming story weaving in with that castle lead by our narrator Cassandra. Unfortunately that isn t what I experienced. There was a lot I didn t enjoy about this book but I ll start with the positive. ",China
" The cover is gorgeous. It looks pretty good in my bookcase but after reading it I m not sure whether it still has I Capture the castle was a disappointment. The blurb had lead me to believe that I was going to experience the pleasures of living in a beautiful castle steeped in history with a charming story weaving in with that castle lead by our narrator Cassandra. Unfortunately that isn t what I experienced. There was a lot I didn t enjoy about this book but I ll start with the positive. ",China
" The cover is gorgeous. It looks pretty good in my bookcase but after reading it I m not sure whether it still has a place there. The descriptions of the countryside are quaint and I liked the atmosphere created by Smith in regards to the castle. I felt like I was really walking around it breathing in it s ancient scent. ",China
" The negative  ",China
" Cassandra s Father is the most pig ignorant and frustrating character that I ve come across in literature in a while. He s arrogant rather abusive sexist to the very core he ignores his wife and children  yet they still dote on him  demands meals when he wants them from the women even though there is no money coming in because all he does all day is hide upstairs twiddling his thumbs and doing the odd crossword. He is a character that added nothing to the plot except annoyance and irritation for me. ",China
" When Cassandra falls in love her personality goes out of the window. She becomes quite self centred odd and her usual optimistic manner on life disappears. I found this to be depressing and not enjoyable to read about. ",China
" So did Cassandra capture the castle by the end of the story  No I don t think she did. By the end I think she had changed as a person and definitely not in a positive way. ...more ",China
" Very charming book that I m very glad I read at last. It s written in diary format by Cassandra our main character. I loved the atmosphere the setting. The descriptions of the castle is just so perfect and enchanting. I loved the characters. The book nust takes you with it and I felt I was completely immersed in that world rather than mine. My only criticism for the book is its size. I think it was a bit too long but I loved it anyway    ",China
" Ah but you are the insidious type Jane Eyre with a touch of Becky Sharp. A thoroughly dangerous girl... ",China
" So says the vicar about Cassandra Mortmain the semi precocious narrator of this novel   and one has to accept that he has put his finger on the nub. Rem acu tetigisti as Jeeves would say. ",China
" Cassandra is the younger daughter of the once famous novelist James Mortmain and as the novel opens we find her sitting on the draining board of the kitchen sink with her feet actually in the sink writi ",China
" Ah but you are the insidious type Jane Eyre with a touch of Becky Sharp. A thoroughly dangerous girl... ",China
" So says the vicar about Cassandra Mortmain the semi precocious narrator of this novel   and one has to accept that he has put his finger on the nub. Rem acu tetigisti as Jeeves would say. ",China
" Cassandra is the younger daughter of the once famous novelist James Mortmain and as the novel opens we find her sitting on the draining board of the kitchen sink with her feet actually in the sink writing her journal  which this novel is BTW  in a cryptic speed writing shorthand of her own invention. She is sitting there because it is the only reasonably warm room in their house which was built in the time of Charles II and grafted on to a fourteenth century castle that was damaged by Cromwell . The Mortmains have been living there in genteel poverty for five years as the novel opens. They have sold all their jewellery and furniture the women have no proper wardrobe and even day to day food procurement has become something of an adventure. ",China
" They are a motley crew. James Mortmain the head of the household was once a celebrated novelist for the single avante garde novel Jacob Wrestling he had written  but a bout of bad temper had caused him to brandish a knife at his wife and knock out a neighbour who tried to intervene earning him three months in jail. Once he came out he has not written a single thing but spends his time reading old detective stories  hence their poverty. ",China
" Rose his elder daughter is lovely and self centred and is willing to sell herself to get out of her poverty  the younger daughter Cassandra is pretty witty and intelligent and aspires to be a novelist. Their youngest sibling Thomas is fifteen and precocious like Cassandra. Their stepmother  the girls  mother had died eight years before the story opens  who is only twety nine and goes by the unusual name Topaz is a former artists  model who worships the ground James treads on and sometimes communes with nature by dancing on the moors stark naked. Stephen Colly the Mortmains  maid s son who has continued to stay with them even after her mother s passing makes himself useful about the house and is hopelessly in love with Cassandra. ",China
" It is into this hopeless bohemian world that Simon and Neil Cotton arrive. They are the inheritors of Scoatney Hall whose owner had given Mr. Mortmain Godsend Castle on a forty year lease. Simon Cotton a well read intellectual is fascinated by England and also by James Mottmain who is still famous in America  later on also by Rose. Neil is American through and through and can t wait to get out of England. When Simon falls for Rose and gets engaged to her he is very angry as he considers her a gold digger. To complicate matters Cassandra also falls for Simon. And there is James getting more eccentric every day and practically running after Mrs. Cotton Simon and Neil s mother to the chagrin of Topaz. Aubrey Fox Cotton a distant cousin of the Cottons and a famous architect who can t get enough of Topaz and Leda his photographer wife who lusts after Stephen complete the cast of characters and add spice to the plot. ",China
" Here we have a potential recipe for a comedy of manners a farce a TV soap opera or even a Wodehouse ian extravaganza. The narrative could have easily slid into any one of these genres and we would have had a mediocre novel. The fact that it does not happen is due to the consummate mastery of Dodie Smith over her medium in keeping the voice of the teenage narrator so consistent and endearing throughout. ",China
" For Cassandra Mortmain is truly a masterly creation. I would place her on the same pedestal on which I have put Elizabeth Bennet Becky Sharp and Scarlett O Hara  I have not read Jane Eyre but from what I have heard that redoubtable lady is of the same calibre . But Cassandra is not as accomplished determined or wicked  as in the case of Ms. Sharp and Ms. O Hara  as these legendary heroines   she is very much a teenage girl suffering all the confusions and tantrums of that difficult period of life. No what makes Cassandra special is her candour. ",China
" At one point in the novel unaware that she is listening in Simon wonders whether Cassandra is being consciously naive  i.e. putting it on as a show to attract people. She is incensed and rightly so  because if there is one thing to be said for the girl it is her perfect honesty about everything including herself  For example you have respect a person who can say that a piece by Bach made her feel that she was being repeatedly hit on the head by a teaspoon  ",China
" There are plenty of scenes worthy of Wodehouse   Topaz dancing at the foot of the castle tower at night in the buff and being taken for a ghost  Rose being chased across the country in a bearskin coat because people think that she is an escaped circus bear   but the hilarity does not slide into outright belly laughter as with his novels. As a counterpoint there are plenty of mellow scenes too where the novelist relies heavily on metaphor  Rose wishing on a gargoyle and Cassandra and Simon doing the Midsummer Eve rites at the foot of the Belmonte Tower to quote two examples . Here we have to go beyond the written word to the story on the unwritten pages. ",China
" James Mortmain s literary career is however the key to the novel I feel. The reference to Jacob s Ladder in his original novel immediately points to man s connection with the infinite  as the Vicar tells Cassandra God need not be God in the conventional sense a bearded old man sitting up there in the clouds. God can be felt smelt seen heard tasted or simply experienced. As the novel moves to its conclusion James has rediscovered his connection to the Godhead in him which is literature   and Cassandra has also grown up. In discovering the key to her heart she has learnt to put her feelings in perspective. ",China
" The first part of the novel is written in a sixpenny notebook with a pencil stub. It progresses to a shilling notebook and finally to a two guinea one written with a pen. We started with a precocious teenager in March at the beginning of spring  we leave the story with her standing on the threshold of womanhood as the autumn leaves start falling. ",China
" Young Adult Fiction. Seventeen year old Cassandra begins a journal in an attempt to perfectly capture her family and the run down castle they live in. This book wasn t at all what I expected. I m reading it for the first time as an adult and maybe I would have felt differently about it as a kid but now I just found it sort of upsetting and not in a cathartic way. ",China
" It s got a playful tone yet is almost relentlessly dreary outside the narrative itself  possibly because Cassandra is too young to Young Adult Fiction. Seventeen year old Cassandra begins a journal in an attempt to perfectly capture her family and the run down castle they live in. This book wasn t at all what I expected. I m reading it for the first time as an adult and maybe I would have felt differently about it as a kid but now I just found it sort of upsetting and not in a cathartic way. ",China
" It s got a playful tone yet is almost relentlessly dreary outside the narrative itself  possibly because Cassandra is too young to realize what a mess she s in. The writing is lovely and Cassandra has a wonderful voice but I kept falling out of the story with worry. This family is so poor and hungry and cold and it s in a time and place where it seems the only way the sisters are going to get out is through marriage. Their father is next to useless and they ve all come to depend on Stephen    servant turned son but remaining mostly servant    to keep the castle up and provide their income. ",China
" Cassandra does grow up during the year long course of the novel and the end while somewhat overwrought with soap opera machinations gives me hope she and her family will get through this and start taking care of each other again but I ve got a lingering uneasiness about the family dynamics. Her father shoves her against a wall and doesn t even apologize and neither he nor Cassandra seem aware he s done anything wrong. This is not a sweet little pastoral look at the English countryside like I expected    the we re poor but it s fun  approach    instead it hides a sort of secret viciousness beneath the jovial front. ",China
" Two stars. It deserves at least three but it made me too edgy to really enjoy it. ...more ",China
" I don t really want to write anymore I just want to lie here and think. But there is something I want to capture. It has to do with the feeling I had when I watched the Cottons coming down the lane the queer separate feeling. I like seeing people when they can t see me. I have often looked at our family through lighted windows and they seem quite different a bit the way rooms seen in looking glasses do. I can t get the feelings into words it slipped away when I tried to capture it ",China
" As she s ",China
" I don t really want to write anymore I just want to lie here and think. But there is something I want to capture. It has to do with the feeling I had when I watched the Cottons coming down the lane the queer separate feeling. I like seeing people when they can t see me. I have often looked at our family through lighted windows and they seem quite different a bit the way rooms seen in looking glasses do. I can t get the feelings into words it slipped away when I tried to capture it ",China
" As she sits in her kitchen sink writing her journal she reminds me of myself when I was 17. I feel a wistful remembrance of my adolescent hopes my days of wonderment. And I think of all those things I often used to think about. All those things I thought would happen  all that did not happen all that did and all that I never thought about. And then there is her voice so innocent thoughtful and beautiful that leaves me heartbroken bringing back to me memories like water colour paintings of dreams that dissolved into the forgetful waters and of a future that seemed like a vision of a faraway castle shrouded by the autumn mist. Life can never be the same when you know that the mist has cleared with the passage of time. The fruits of wonderment have paid off with the seeds of maturity. And adulthood has put aside the fantasies of childhood because you have known too much lived too much. But could I really have known Cassandra if I had never been cold and hungry like her in that cruel English winter had never known that sometimes living in a castle alone cannot warrant a fairy tale  But perhaps if I had met her that day when she staggered out of the inn rain drenched with her hair dirty and her expression maudlin I would have told her that I never thought of her as  consciously na ve  that I too had my long days by the window waiting for something to happen that I had somehow found a lost part of myself through her. When she had wished to live in a Jane Austen novel how I had often wished the same. And how hopeful I was for her when she took that train to London looking so conspicuous in her white suit how gorgeous I thought her midsummer s eve s rites to be how blissful indeed writing in the moonlight must have been. How I too had often wondered about an unknown land and an unknown past. How much I had known her puzzlement her sadness her hopes and hopelessness. How I had loved every bit of what she  captured  so intently in all the pages of her soon to be finished notebook. And how I really wished I had met her a long time back. ...more ",China
" I Capture the Castle really delivered. Events happen over the course of a whirlwind six months and the story has surprising sweep for such a small time frame. Seventeen year old Cassandra Mortmain details everything that happens to her poverty stricken family ironically housed in a castle  ramshackle dark and barely furnished. I Capture the Castle is an age old story of first romantic love sisterly love and family drama but that doesn t set it apart  the atmospheric castl    NO SPOILERS    ",China
" I Capture the Castle really delivered. Events happen over the course of a whirlwind six months and the story has surprising sweep for such a small time frame. Seventeen year old Cassandra Mortmain details everything that happens to her poverty stricken family ironically housed in a castle  ramshackle dark and barely furnished. I Capture the Castle is an age old story of first romantic love sisterly love and family drama but that doesn t set it apart  the atmospheric castle setting does. That combined with the universal themes is what I believe has made it stand the test of time. When the action takes place in the castle with the entertaining characters all together the story shines brightest. When it separates the characters and moves away from the castle into nearby houses and London the story dims a bit though not enough to ruin it entirely. ",China
" It was painful for me to watch all the good fortune happen to those around Cassandra but she s a sweet and innocent glass half full type who s admirably accepting of it. I only wished that Dodie Smith had written the second half at least a little more happily for Cassandra and though I normally don t take issue with open ended conclusions that aren t neatly tied up I think this particular story demanded a happily ever after. Still I Capture the Castle is overall a feel good very charming read with vibrant characters I loved to pieces and will remember forever. ...more ",China
" The story is so charming  I especially like how the main character Cassandra appreciated food because of her poverty. Favorites  ",China
"  I shouldn t think even millionaires could eat anything nicer than new bread and real butter and honey for tea. ",China
"  But I did like the restaurant  most of the people eating there were unusually ugly but the food was splendid. We had.... We were gloriously bloat. ",China
"  ...ham with mustard is a meal of glory. ",China
" There was a formal dinner party where Cassan Vacation reading continues. ",China
" The story is so charming  I especially like how the main character Cassandra appreciated food because of her poverty. Favorites  ",China
"  I shouldn t think even millionaires could eat anything nicer than new bread and real butter and honey for tea. ",China
"  But I did like the restaurant  most of the people eating there were unusually ugly but the food was splendid. We had.... We were gloriously bloat. ",China
"  ...ham with mustard is a meal of glory. ",China
" There was a formal dinner party where Cassandra observed the oddness of gathering to eat the servants central to the experience but not involved with conversations the food going in and words coming out. I agree that food doesn t mix well with stiff formality. I do love how people come together over food though   meeting friends usually centers around food my favorite gifts have been food and nearly every party I ve ever been to has ended up cramming into the kitchen at some point no matter where the host hostness intended to contain the crowd. I ve heard some people complain about kitchen centric parties...pssh. Conversation still flows and everyone s closer to the food drink. ",China
" The charm of the story wasn t all about food. I think it was also because of the innocence of the narrator and the society described. Innocence in that it was possible to be at once delicate and matter of fact about adultery jealousy a cougar kissing without love confusion about love a dress pulled down off a shoulder but all without the salaciousness w official veneer of prudery that is our reality now. It has the most delicately worded description of sex I d ever read  I am not so sure I should like the facts of life but I have got over the bitter disappointment I felt when I first heard about them and one obviously has to try them sooner or later. Not to say innocence made things better but I wonder what it would be like to live without an implied wink or leer in certain statements. I m misrepresenting some of these things since the book is presented as the journal entries of Cassandra. ",China
" The story s charm is also in the little realizations about life and self the character has as she observes and experiences. They are the realizations of a young girl who is still very idealistic about life unaware of some probable harsh future adjustments. This coming of age girl story probably wouldn t be as charming for most guys to read. ...more ",China
" The descriptions of the castle and the voice were great  I thought I had outgrown this sort of coming of age story centered around a wide eyed precocious young girl. For some reason I especially liked reading about their meals both before and after the Cottons came along to provide them with better food. What is jellied soup anyway  There was also a cutely Pollyannaesque tone to the cheerful way Cassandra would casually make note of all the things they lacked and had sold off and her appreci The descriptions of the castle and the voice were great  I thought I had outgrown this sort of coming of age story centered around a wide eyed precocious young girl. For some reason I especially liked reading about their meals both before and after the Cottons came along to provide them with better food. What is jellied soup anyway  There was also a cutely Pollyannaesque tone to the cheerful way Cassandra would casually make note of all the things they lacked and had sold off and her appreciation for the little that they did have. But halfway through the book I stopped being able to fully relate to Cassandra. ",China
" I get that love isn t rational but sometimes I think what s true in real life doesn t always translate well to fiction. Stephen was really too wonderful and too deserving of love and I was just unable to process Cassandra s indifference to him as a lack of chemistry rather than utter heartlessness. He was responsible and considerate not only to Cassandra but to the entire family even though by the end he was their hired boy only in name and was the only one in the family earning any income. That anecdote about his reaction to the news of his mother s illness really did it. The scene with the wirelesses was especially painful and it was interesting to note Cassandra s perception of kindness  she is deeply impressed by and grateful to the Cottons for what she calls their kindness and I definitely get that given what a huge impact they ve had on her family s lives and circumstances. At the same time this really highlights how much she takes for granted in terms of the kindness she receives from Stephen Topaz and Miss Marcy. ",China
" In the end it almost seemed as though Cassandra s feelings were largely decided by both class and circumstance  i.e. her feelings towards a person were determined by what it is within their means to provide. For example Topaz can only cook and scrub and clean and comfort and Miss Marcy can go out of her way to provide somewhat insubstantial help while Mrs. Cotton can send gigantic hams and throw lavish parties and Simon with his age and access to education can talk about books and composers. When she tries to comfort Stephen she even acknowledges that his wireless was a bigger present from him because he had to work and save for it and I think that s pretty representative of their entire relationship with the Cottons  the Cottons are kind generous people but it also really doesn t cost them anything and they can afford such charity. I think the author did a good job of illustrating the selfishness and single mindedness that can come out of young love or infatuation. ",China
" Again this is all very realistic and makes sense since it s human nature to take what you have for granted to not appreciate family when you re starstruck or obsessed with something else but because this was fiction I wanted it all to wrap up neatly and for the main character to grow up. I don t mean the character shouldn t still be a work in progress at the end of book but in terms of character growth Cassandra s story and and Miss Marcy s story of being shaken out of her self interest by grief and tragedy and then coming out of that by taking an interest in children are at different ends of the spectrum. ",China
" I feel like the book offers the first part of a coming of age story without actually following the character through to any major development. Since the latter portion of the book has much more to do with Cassandra s emotions and her fixation on Simon than on the unique experience of living in poverty in a castle with an eccentric family this also made me lose some of my original interest in the book. ...more ",China
" Remember all the mockery hating and questioning of my sexuality that accompanied me starting to read this book  No  Just look at all the comments down below    and note all the work I had to do defending myself. It was really quite painful. So painful in fact that it took me something like a year or longer to actually finish the blasted book.  To be clear I did read lots of other books in the meantime.  So was it worth all the heartache I was subjected to on GoodReads  ",China
" Well I Capture the C Remember all the mockery hating and questioning of my sexuality that accompanied me starting to read this book  No  Just look at all the comments down below    and note all the work I had to do defending myself. It was really quite painful. So painful in fact that it took me something like a year or longer to actually finish the blasted book.  To be clear I did read lots of other books in the meantime.  So was it worth all the heartache I was subjected to on GoodReads  ",China
" Well I Capture the Castle is clearly not a book written for thirtysomething heterosexual males and I ll be damned if I knew what first compelled me to read it. I think I must have read some loving review written somewhere when it was reissued a while back    a loving review that probably completely mischaracterized the book    or I never would have picked it up. ",China
" Nevertheless even though it is better suited for 15 year old girls it really is a well written and charming novel told by a quite winning narrator. No it s not the right book for me but I did enjoy reading it for the most part. There were a few too many parts in which Cassandra our heroine moons over her love interest Simon for pages and pages and pages. I starting throwing up in my mouth a little bit during those parts but I just kept my head down and powered through and came out the other side I believe a better man. Look I read that brown shower of a book Twilight so I can take almost anything. And this is a far far far far better book than Twilight was    a million times better.  Dodie Smith unlike Stephenie Meyer actually speaks the English language.  In fact any 15 year old girl who wants to read a romance suitable for age and values her brain cells would be well advised to choose I Capture the Castle over Twilight. ",China
" OK sorry didn t meant to make this yet another anti Twilight screed. Anyway point is four stars for I Capture the Castle because even though I wasn t its targeted demographic it is well written and charming  I m still heterosexual even though I ve used the phrase well written and charming not once not twice but three times now  and all the haters can eat me. The end. ...more ",China
" Recommends it for  everyone particularly those with a touch of anglo or gotho philia. ",China
" Was it a bit consciously naive  Perhaps. Did I care  No I did not. Even the character who spoke those words soon preferred to take them back in favor of the fascinated love he felt towards the beauty of the Mortmains of Godsend Castle. I smiled upon my first acquaintaince with Miss Cassandra Mortmain laughed upon further conversation and felt as if I were there clasping hands with her in the shadows of her crumbling castle near all the way through. The book is an invocation of Gothic passio Was it a bit consciously naive  Perhaps. Did I care  No I did not. Even the character who spoke those words soon preferred to take them back in favor of the fascinated love he felt towards the beauty of the Mortmains of Godsend Castle. I smiled upon my first acquaintaince with Miss Cassandra Mortmain laughed upon further conversation and felt as if I were there clasping hands with her in the shadows of her crumbling castle near all the way through. The book is an invocation of Gothic passion with all the repressed sensuality of the Bronte sisters and a beach ball of ever so practical British and Jane Austen wit being passed back and forth among the cast. It wraps us up in mingled dreams fantasies and reality and lets us decide which is truly which while we watch a family trying to do the same. It is a coming of age tale if one must categorize it but it was few and far between that I was reminded of that fact. While she does  put away childish things  one by one she lets us see that adults build their own worlds for themselves too no less silly or indulgent than that which she builds for herself. I do not know why this is rated as YA literature by some people here. I certainly would not have gathered everything that I did from this at the age of 13 or 14. Please don t let that suffice as a reason for you to pass this one up. Truly it will be a sad loss. ",China
" I shall miss you Miss Cassandra Mortmain. I m afraid I rushed our first meeting. I couldn t stop turning the pages of your mind alas. But I m sure to revisit you again. ...more ",China
" Another of my books about large homes metaphorical or literal   see also The Blue Palace  comfort reads. ",China
" What can I say about this book other than it s delightful and wonderful and perfect and needs to be read if it not a thing you have already read  and frankly if it is a thing you have already read needs to be read again and read often . ",China
" It s a melancholy whimsical book about love and pain and growing up. Arch without ever seem insincere. ",China
" The heroine and narrator lives in a crumbling cas Another of my books about large homes metaphorical or literal   see also The Blue Palace  comfort reads. ",China
" What can I say about this book other than it s delightful and wonderful and perfect and needs to be read if it not a thing you have already read  and frankly if it is a thing you have already read needs to be read again and read often . ",China
" It s a melancholy whimsical book about love and pain and growing up. Arch without ever seem insincere. ",China
" The heroine and narrator lives in a crumbling castle they cannot afford the rent on with her damaged but loving family  her tortured writer of a father who has had an epic case of writer s block following his wildly successful first novel her sensitive stepmother who used to be an artist s model and now communes naked with nature in the rain her pragmatic but beautiful elder sister who is determined to marry her way out of genteel poverty her precocious younger brother and their last remaining servant who is terribly beautiful has a crush on the heroine but is she feels just a little daft. ",China
" I mean it s all very upper class white people problems. Oh no we can t afford our castle. Oh no Rose is behaving in a socially awkward manner to an American. Oh no we re all in love with the wrong person. ",China
" But I don t know it still sings to me. I can t imagine it ever not. There s a wistful to it despite how funny it is that makes me ache in the softness ways. For fresh love and the uncertainty of youth  for stages of life not only long past but perhaps never known at all. ...more ",China
" I Capture the Castle is one of my favorite books for making everything out of every event until it is all absolutely important. I capture it all and it is going to last forever. It s not a lonely voyeur book but a loving one like those collections of stories and images and songs we store up to shield against the blackest stuff  or at least a rope to hold onto . I bought  Castle  in 2002 after reading a review on amazon that said it was a dark flip side of Elizabeth Bowen s The Death of the Hea I Capture the Castle is one of my favorite books for making everything out of every event until it is all absolutely important. I capture it all and it is going to last forever. It s not a lonely voyeur book but a loving one like those collections of stories and images and songs we store up to shield against the blackest stuff  or at least a rope to hold onto . I bought  Castle  in 2002 after reading a review on amazon that said it was a dark flip side of Elizabeth Bowen s The Death of the Heart  one of my favorite books . I ve never read another review that for me personally summed up this book better that I d want to read it  yes it is true that it is enjoyable and charming too . It is the lighter side of turning over rocks and sometimes finding creepy crawlies underneath. Of not getting hurt by building up love stories to cushion the harsh blows of day to day life. The secrets that make you know someone better and therefore love them better. Cassandra s scope changes and she learns to not make more or less out of everything but try and see it for what it is while still seeing the need for valuing it that much. Her father s past with their deceased mom his writer s block and being imprisoned in his own mind the step mom she took for granted the little brother who saw more than she thought he did being rich in more than money the selfish but passionate Rose her love Simon Stephen she took for a brother who really loved her all along... Some of my favorite parts were her conversations with the Vicar about her changing religious beliefs.  And like many others have written it is funny and charming and quaintly fresh. Just like making up stories in play time about living in a beautiful and rotted castle. With a moat of course. ...more ",China
" Cassandra is mostly wisely honest with herself as well as being generous spirited and loving and the combination makes for pleasant reading. There is a feast of interesting details though the castle makes me feel cold and some nicely sketched characters   the vicar got some good lines and Thomas the younger brother delighted me at every appearance reminding me of my own lil bro. I wish Leda Fox Cotton weren t so mistreated. It s necessary to see right through Cassandra s prejudice 3.5 stars ",China
" Cassandra is mostly wisely honest with herself as well as being generous spirited and loving and the combination makes for pleasant reading. There is a feast of interesting details though the castle makes me feel cold and some nicely sketched characters   the vicar got some good lines and Thomas the younger brother delighted me at every appearance reminding me of my own lil bro. I wish Leda Fox Cotton weren t so mistreated. It s necessary to see right through Cassandra s prejudice which is hard because she s very sympathetic. I found it funny that she loves animals so much and wishes owls were vegetarian but eats meat herself without a shadow of a critical thought. ",China
" I liked her casual explanation of England being special to her   oh not the flag and Kipling and outposts of Empire and so on but the country side  and London  Quite. ",China
" There is a neatly written section in which the vicar and Miss Marcy both casually encourage the stricken Cassandra to whom they are offering succour and comfort that is like water in a desert to her to take up their own interests  religion  you might like it. helping others  you might like it. Cassandra is tempted but then she decides that these characters are taking refuge from pain and thus from life itself in these absorbing pursuits. Cassandra even reflects that they are like children because they haven t really lived. The conclusion   that she should not throw herself into religion or good works   feels refreshing and appropriate to the form of a novel  a medium that draws or produces the subjectivity of the subject  but... really  The only real life is one devoted to pursuing the most fully felt personal joy and suffering  Is this the only way we can imagine self actualisation  I can t accept that autonomy requires the rejection of the mortar of community. When Cassandra receives help and then pities her helpers for helping it seems to me she affirms her class privilege even more thoroughly than her materialistic sister does when she counts her expensive new possessions. ",China
" I also started my journal when I was 17. Here s a random chunk from 2005  ",China
" April 15th ",China
" There is a kind of light rain which when falling just at the very beginning of twilight can make any landscape resemble paradise. I was reading the focus bulletin and there was a page about pomegranate juice the pomegranate originated in Persia  and there was a verse from Shakespeare  Wilt thou be gone  It is not yet near day It was the nightingale not the lark That pierced the fearful hollow of thine ear  Nightly she sings on yon pomegranate tree   Believe me love it was the nightingale Romeo and Juliet III 5 ",China
" Made me feel wretched for not reading enough when such riches are so easily come by that a miserable marketing department posts them out to us their hired zombies ",China
" April 17th ",China
" Today I saw a mermaid her hair was in braids fat murky green at the roots thin and blue clear Caribbean blue at the ends. Some had come loose and hung in heavy ringlets like trailing weeds. She had a ring in her nose and an American twang and her eyes were black and fierce as a storm in the Atlantic. ",China
" April 19th ",China
" This morning we saw the film Crumb  Robert Crumb s room full of old blues records had a heavy American desk chair strip of dark patterned carpet and great dusty lampshade breathing dusty yellow light. The America of David Lynch. The American interior of the intellectual mind. Ginsberg wrote in a room like that. Dreary grand American room stuffy with spoiled dreams. ",China
" The problem with the past is that we do not understand it. It seems worthless to us now because the Gods of the present   the believers in the next world have pointed out to us that we only have today and Jesus will forgive us. Largely the stories that make up history have lost their significance. A few stand out clear and speak down to us from the depths. But the better part is like a story told by a great grandparent   the facts are useless foreign objects you can turn over like washed up shells their contents long ago emptied out because the story teller saw everything differently then. ",China
" May 3rd ",China
" When the first time traveller  I hope it is some dignified person I am nostalgic for the gentleman amateur  goes into the future everyone there will be waiting for them whatever kind of world it is. You ll step out of the capsule and see everyone banners and cheering or ragged scientists or children with stones waiting. Today there was a waterfall from the sky. Shoes soaked. Cellar flooded. ",China
" May 15th ",China
" Yesterday the mermaid came back. Her blue hair was tied up grown out sun bleached brown her eyes had turned pale from being so long ashore. Today a fairy princess came in with a goblin. Her body trembled with the effort of being. I think she was kidnapped. ",China
" Unspeaking The suited ones walk to their offices Their faces are shut for the daytime purged of hopes Sweet yellow sun caresses steel   glass throws long human shadows like walking dead ",China
" The air heavy and pure with the night s silence receives the sound of their shod feet on stones Politicians wake in a cold sweat. ",China
" June 10th ",China
" You should be alone everything resonates the night is lovely and in the cold of situations... Reflected in the city light the beauty of your own soul How can I write with your NOISE  ",China
" July 18th ",China
" I looked out through the skylight with corrected vision. Blue and dark black red cloud like a landmass on a map meeting the cloudy sea A PAINTING OF HEAVEN   the stars like hope faint and unreachable an immense vista a desert. Must go up with glasses on. I miss my seven sisters. I have unburied my books. In so doing I unbury myself. The dampish old cardboard almost become precious by association sits out in the recycle bin. The house is full of books It is a joyful meeting Sylvia Heller Marx. I missed you  I even missed Plato. I can play Queen Adreena. Hands tremble. ",China
" The self should not be held so dear it is dangerous. My history fine sheets written in verse on linen like scripture ",China
" August 9th Horas non numero nisi serenas  motto on a sundial near Venice  I count only the serene hours  ...more ",China
" Born Dorothy Gladys Smith in Lancashire England Dodie Smith was raised in Manchester  her memoir is titled A Childhood in Manchester . She was just an infant when her father died and she grew up fatherless until age 14 when her mother remarried and the family moved to London. There she studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts and tried for a career as an actress but with little success. Born Dorothy Gladys Smith in Lancashire England Dodie Smith was raised in Manchester  her memoir is titled A Childhood in Manchester . She was just an infant when her father died and she grew up fatherless until age 14 when her mother remarried and the family moved to London. There she studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts and tried for a career as an actress but with little success. She finally wound up taking a job as a toy buyer for a furniture store to make ends meet. Giving up dreams of an acting career she turned to writing plays and in 1931 her first play Autumn Crocus was published  under the pseudonym C.L. Anthony  . It was a success and her story   from failed actress to furniture store employee to successful writer   captured the imagination of the public and she was featured in papers all over the country. Although she could now afford to move to a London townhouse she didn t get caught up in the literary  scene   she married a man who was a fellow employee at the furniture store. ",China
" During World War II she and her husband moved to the United States mostly because of his stand as a conscientious objector and the social and legal difficulties that entailed. She was still homesick for England though as reflected in her first novel I Capture the Castle  1948 . During her stay she formed close friendships with such authors as Christopher Isherwood and John Van Druten and was aided in her literary endeavors by writer A.J. Cronin. ",China
" She is perhaps best known for her novel The Hundred and One Dalmatians a hugely popular childrens book that has been made into a string of very successful animated films by Walt Disney. She died in 1990. ...more ",China
" Articles featuring this book ",China
" If you love reading as much as our colleagues then your summer fun itinerary will most likely include books. To help inspire... ",China
" There is only one page left to write on. I will fill it with words of only one syllable. I love. I have loved. I will love.    3112 likes ",China
" Noble deeds and hot baths are the best cures for depression.    2053 likes ",China
" Pou ijte k hled n  obr zek. ",China
" A dramatic and powerful tornado and supercell thunder storm passing through some isolated countryside at sunset. Mixed media landscape weather 3d illustration. ",China
"  376875265  content id 376875265title A dramatic and powerful tornado and supercell thunder storm passing through some isolated countryside at sunset. Mixed media landscape weather 3d illustration.content type id 2content type image  jpegcontent thumb url https     as1.ftcdn.net  jpg  03  76  87  52  160 F 376875265 EeLjqNzqU88Ql8ZufgIs4w9kbJoO32Z7.jpgcontent thumb large url https     as1.ftcdn.net  jpg  03  76  87  52  500 F 376875265 EeLjqNzqU88Ql8ZufgIs4w9kbJoO32Z7.jpgcontent height 313content width 500content original height 4375content original width 7000format jpegcomp file path https     stock.adobe.com  cz  Download  Watermarked  376875265author James Thewauthor url   cz  search creator id 127684content url https     stock.adobe.com  cz  images  a dramatic and powerful tornado and supercell thunder storm passing through some isolated countryside at sunset mixed media landscape weather 3d illustration  376875265content path   cz  images  a dramatic and powerful tornado and supercell thunder storm passing through some isolated countryside at sunset mixed media landscape weather 3d illustration  376875265is purchasable trueis template falseis chin below falseis video falseis 3D falseis image trueis vector falseis audio falseis illustrative falseis similar id falseis similarity search allowed trueis offensive falsepossible licenses  12 asset type Illustrationcategory  id 596name Krajiny premium level  1 illustration standard core full PT12 illustration extended core full PT5 premium level id 0meta description A dramatic and powerful tornado and supercell thunder storm passing through some isolated countryside at sunset. Mixed media landscape weather 3d illustration.  u2013 tuto a u00a0podobn u00e9 ilustrace naleznete ve slu u017eb u011b Adobe Stockis rush mobile compatible falsethumbnail url https     t3.ftcdn.net  jpg  03  76  87  52  360 F 376875265 EeLjqNzqU88Ql8ZufgIs4w9kbJoO32Z7.jpgthumbnail width 576thumbnail height 360is lazy loaded falsecan license with cct pro truefile extension jpeggetSubtypeLabel nullis licensed falsemedia type label Ilustracevideo small preview url nullorder key nullcategory hierarchy Krajinyis free falseavatar nullartist page url   cz  contributor  127684  james thew load type authoris premium falsethumbnail url webp https     t3.ftcdn.net  jpg  03  76  87  52  360 F 376875265 EeLjqNzqU88Ql8ZufgIs4w9kbJoO32Z7.webpextended license price 6399 u00a0 u20acdownloaded falsedefault license id 1license details  1  product key   Applications  StockPT1license price facing price downloaded false 2  product key   Applications  StockPT5license price 6399 u00a0 u20acfacing price downloaded false  is allowed and purchasable falseis quotable falseis not allowed by org admin false   ",China
" Property Details For 2108 COUNTRYSIDE Drive New Castle IN 47362 ",China
" Lot Dimensions 70x178 ",China
" Lot Features Storm Sewer Rural In Subdivision ",China
" Utility Options Cable Connected High Speed Internet Avail ",China
" Water Source Municipal Water Connected ",China
" Directions SR3   38 East on 38  Broad  to 16th. North to Washington. East to 20th. North to Lake Forest East to Countryside ",China
" 615 12Th Street ",China
"  74900 ",China
" Get more information ",China
" SUBJECT ",China
" Listing provided courtesy of F.C. Tucker Crossroads Real Es. ",China
" The data relating to real estate for sale on this web site comes in part from the Internet Data Exchange Program. Real estate listings held by IDX Brokerage firms other than F.C. Tucker Company Inc. include the name of the listing IDX broker. This information is provided exclusively for personal non commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. The broker providing this data believes it to be correct but advises interested parties to confirm them before relying on them in a purchase decision. Information deemed reliable but is not guaranteed. ",China
" You can snap up this 600 year old castle ruin for  225K  the same price as a London flat  ",China
" If owning your own castle is something you ve always fancied you re in luck. ",China
" A ruined castle dating back to the 15th century has been listed on the market for the same price as a London flat. ",China
" Piteadie Castle in Kirkcaldy Fife   which also boasts a tennis court   was built in the 15th century but renovated 200 years later when a stair tower was added and has a carved coat of arms on the gateway. ",China
" While it s more ruins than castle   and will need a lot of renovations   the sellers are asking for offers over  225000 the same as a one bed flat in Croydon South London. ",China
" Whoever does take it on has been urged by Historic Environment Scotland to take care to preserve cultural significance  and to keep in mind that restoration should be sensitive . ",China
" Jamie McNab from Savills who listed the property said  The castle ruins and adjacent land are an interesting prospect with the opportunity to develop the site for residential use being a distinct possibility though naturally planning consent and the support of Historic Environment Scotland would be required.  ",China
" The castle was featured in Nigel Tranter s novel about James II of Scotland and his protector Alexander Lyon. ",China
" It also has an orchard with around 30 fruit trees a disused tennis court with a stone built pavilion as well as a polytunnel and a chicken coop in the garden. ",China
" There are stunning views across the countryside towards the Firth of Forth and it is in the grounds of country home Piteadie House which is also for sale but with a heftier price tag of  1200000. ",China
" This isn t the only property with a history currently available to buy. Earlier this week we reported on a  time capsule  home that has been left untouched since the 1960s. ",China
" Story continues ",China
" Greenlands which sits just above Lake Windermere in the Lake District has been listed for  850000 and includes period features like groovy wallpapers bright orange carpeted stairs and patterned ceilings. ",China
" Additional reporting by SWNS. ",China
" Watch  72 year old  vegetable king  becomes viral lockdown gardening hero ",China
" Recommended Stories ",China
" If people are laughing with me that s what I want Leah Holland 25 tells Yahoo Life. ",China
" The daughter of Demi Moore and Bruce Willis is learning to self soothe during anxiety attacks. ",China
" Indoor allergies driving you crazy  Experts give these 5 tips to ease your symptoms. ",China
" The country stars made an effort to attend PTA meetings for their three daughters. ",China
" After a Michigan woman died of COVID 19 from a lung transplant the chief medical officer in charge of the U.S. s organ transplant program says it can move ahead safely. ",China
" Commit to the Yahoo Life 5 Day Allyship Challenge with Frederick Joseph author of The Black Friend. ",China
" EssyNaturals  Natural Hair Growth Oil is packed with dermatologist approved ingredients such as biotin caffeine castor oil and rosemary oil. ",China
" The singer songwriter and chief music officer of Headspace is exploring the impact of music on the mind. ",China
" Join Day 3 of the Yahoo Life Allyship Challenge and take ownership on how you may benefit from other people s oppression. ",China
" These stellar sales are turning hump day into a happy day save up to 62 percent on Microsoft Ninja and more  ",China
" I feel like being a cowgirl I am a powerful woman I have grit I am willing to try anything. ",China
" You don t have to live with a frustratingly slow computer. Improve your daily life with better habits and software that ll speed things up. ",China
" Gift card fraud can be a gateway to stolen payment credentials drained bank accounts and even stolen identity. ",China
" Spring seasonal allergies are no fun but experts say they aren t something families need to lose sleep over. Allergies can often be managed at home   if parents keep an open dialogue with their pediatrician use over the counter medications correctly and know what signs to look for in case their kid s allergies end up needing some extra attention. ",China
" Whether you re looking for a new mask or are just curious here s what the docs reach for. ",China
" A California woman got a surprise when her new driver s license arrived in the mail with a photo of her in a mask. No way this is going to pass as valid identification says Lesley Pilgrim. ",China
" This site uses cookies for analytics personalized content and ads. By continuing to browse this site you agree to this use. Learn more ",China
" You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. ",China
" This castle is perfect for holing up on a mini break in 2021 ",China
" Looking to put your feet up in a luxury setting with your other half when it feels safe to travel again  We ve found the perfect place for a romantic stay in 2021  historic Amberley Castle in the outstanding South Downs countryside. ",China
" The romantic castle located in West Sussex is surrounded by 12 acres of green and retains enchanting details that transport you to a fairytale world   think large fireplaces antique stonework and even suits of armour. ",China
" To make you feel like a true queen Amberley Castle boasts all the five star facilities you d expect from a Relais   Chateaux hotel  flat screen TVs a well stocked bar and foodie experiences you ll love. ",China
" The plush bedrooms are classic yet chic with fine fabrics Vispring beds and little details like homemade biscuits mineral water and fluffy slippers and bathrobes. ",China
" We love the contemporary creative restaurant which serves three course   la carte meals and tasting menus for those looking to try something new. ",China
" The afternoon tea is a real treat too  cakes quiches sandwiches sausage rolls and scones come beautifully prepared and you can even opt for Laurent Perrier Champagne to be matched with each course giving you three glasses of Champagne   to compare of course  ",China
" Breakfast is another grand affair to look forward to with cooked and continental dishes including smoked haddock with poached egg and parsley butter American style pancakes and an extensive tea menu. ",China
" Gallery  10 of the best rated travel experiences in the world  Country Living  UK   ",China
" While here during a mini break next year  it s perfect for a staycation outside London too  you must venture out into the local area where you could stumble upon fresh veg and artisan cheese at Arundel s monthly Farmer s Market or spend the afternoon chatting away in one of the town s many tearooms caf s and coffee shops. ",China
" Alternatively grab a hot chocolate to go and visit the famous Arundel Castle   it would be rude not to. ",China
" Arundel Wetlands is another place worth checking out or for some countryside air there s the whole of the pretty South Downs to explore. ",China
" It s said that the south coast is one of the sunniest regions in the UK so what better way to spend an afternoon than by exploring the beautiful local landscapes on foot  ",China
" Back at the hotel you can cosy up on the sofa by a large fireplace with a vintage wine or G T in hand before a sumptuous night in your hotel room. ",China
" To make a stay ever more appealing Red has an exclusive two night offer allowing you to save 30  on a mini break in 2021. ",China
" You ll spend two nights in a Gatehouse Suite at the regal retreat enjoying a three course dinner on the first night and a full breakfast on both days. ",China
" Like a foodie hotel  See more from our selection of gourmet getaways and read our expert reviews. ",China
" Sign up for inspirational travel stories and to hear about our favourite financially protected escapes and bucket list adventures. ",China
" You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. ",China
" Inside the fairytale castle hidden in the Australian countryside ",China
" Less than a half hour s drive from Canberra is an extraordinary manor that looks to have been plucked straight from the pages of a fairytale. ",China
" Just like a storybook castle Tour Rouge   French for Red Tower   is hidden behind wrought iron gates which open onto a winding driveway that leads to the front door an opulent style inspired by the grounds of Italian villas. ",China
" Standout features of the four bedroom house in Carwoola 26 kilometres from the Australian capital on the NSW border include a Tuscan tower solar heated swimming pool sprawling sun terrace three acre gardens and a luxurious open plan living space that could pass for a spread in Architectural Digest. ",China
" The 1.2 hectare estate is the work of Rob and Danice Duffield who embarked on the project two decades ago to combine their passion for travel nature and classical architecture. ",China
" The French Provincial style kitchen is fitted with every luxury including sleek granite benchtops integrated fridges and freezer and premium Miele appliances   there s even two ovens. ",China
" Black chandeliers hang from a timber panelled ceiling in the dining room where the main focal point is a redbrick fireplace that only enhances the sense of grandeur. ",China
" Floor to ceiling windows in the master bedroom which has a walk in wardrobe and large ensuite overlook the rolling lawns drawing the garden inside the house. ",China
" A designated TV room study laundry and workshop are also spread across the enormous house. ",China
" Gallery  Inside the biggest malls in the world  Espresso  ",China
" Outside a sun terrace that looks more like something you d find along the Amalfi Coast than 30 minutes from Canberra boasts a built in barbecue wood fired pizza oven and open fireplace perfect for entertaining guests. ",China
" The painstakingly planned grounds of the estate include a sunken garden olive grove and wisteria arbour which have all been featured in the Weekend Australian and Canberra Weekly. ",China
" The estate has often been used for weddings and photoshoots and once featured in the Open Gardens Canberra event according to realestate.com.au. ",China
" Each of the four bedrooms  one pictured  is flooded with natural light through the house s feature windows ",China
" Sustainability has been incorporated into every aspect of the house which is powered by 6.6kW rooftop solar panels and a vast 120000 litre rain water storage tank. ",China
" The opulent estate   which is a one of a kind in the region   will be auctioned on March 16 through real estate agency Belle Property. ",China
" Appointments for open viewings which are slated to start at 11am on Saturday February 27 can be made through listing agent Ryan Broadhurst. ",China
" Mr Broadhurst described the house as  an unparalleled real estate proposition  just 30 minutes  drive from the Australian capital. ",China
" Accessibility Links ",China
" Britain s worst storms ",China
" Our guide looks at the worst storms to hit the British Isles since records began from the 1607 Bristol Channel Floods to the nationwide floods of 2013 and the recent storms of 2020. ",China
" Since records began back in 1766 Britain has seen some deadly storms batter their way across the country destroying farmland buildings and killing hundreds of people. ",China
" Advertisement ",China
" Britain has been battered by stormy weather so far in 2020 with Storm Ciara causing damage and Storm Dennis forecast to bring further disruptions with heavy rain and strong winds. ",China
" Our guide looks at the worst storms to hit the British Isles since records began from the 1607 Bristol Channel Floods to the nationwide floods of 2013 and the recent storms of 2020. ",China
" Bristol Channel Floods   1607 ",China
" This sudden deluge occurred on 30 January 1607 resulting in more than 2000 people drowning and devastation to farmland and livestock. For years historians believed the floods were caused by a storm surge but in 2002 scientists Simon Haslett and Ted Bryant published evidence that the flood might have been caused by a tsunami. ",China
" The 1703 Storm ",China
" Arguably the worst storm or natural disaster to ever hit the United Kingdom. Without warning the storm battered the country for more than a week killing between 8000 and 15000 people. Southern England was worst affected and the first Eddystone Lighthouse was swept away. Robinson Crusoe author Daniel Defoe even wrote a book about it   The Storm  published in 1704. ",China
" Eyemouth Disaster   1881 ",China
" A severe storm struck the southern coast of Scotland on 14 October 1881. Strong winds capsized several fishing boats and 189 fishermen drowned as a result. 129 of the fishermen were from the village of Eyemouth and the citizens of the village still refer to the disaster as Black Friday. ",China
" The Great Blizzard   1891 ",China
" For four long days Cornwall and Devon where almost entirely cut off from the rest of Britain. Violent gales bought down trees temperatures plummeted below zero and snow drifted in places up to 15 feet high. 200 people perished along with 6000 animals. Roads and railways became impassable telephone and telegraph lines were taken out of commission. ",China
" North Sea Flood   1953 ",China
" One of the greatest storm surges on record drowned 326 people in the UK at the end of January 1953. The flooding forced 30000 people to be evacuated from their homes and 24000 properties were seriously damaged. 160000 hectares of eastern England flooded and more than 1600 km of coastline was damaged. ",China
" The Big Freeze   1962 63 ",China
" The harsh winter of 1962 1963 was one of the coldest winters on record in the UK. The cold weather started on 22 December with snow falling across Scotland on Christmas Eve before sweeping its way south. The Arctic weather lasted until March with rivers and lake freezing over. ",China
" The Great Storm of 1987 ",China
" One of the most notorious storms to hit the UK after weather presenter Michael Fish famously dismissed the idea that a hurricane was approaching. In total 18 people lost their lives in Britain with the damage caused costing over  1 billion. An estimated 15 million trees were lost thousands of homes were without power for several days and wreckage blocked the roads and railways across the country. Find out more about The Great Storm of 1987. ",China
" Burns  Day Storm   1990 ",China
" Hurricane force winds struck southern Scotland causing the death of 47 people. Damage was widespread with power supplies cut and roads and railways blocked. ",China
" The floods of 2000 ",China
" In late October 2000 the UK experienced the wettest autumn in 200 years with five of the major rivers bursting their banks. Gusts of 93mph battered the country leaving thousands of homes without power and more than 10000 homes and businesses were flooded at 700 locations. It was estimated that the cost of the damage was  1 billion. ",China
" Storms of 2013 ",China
" Deemed to be the stormiest December since 1969 widespread gusts of 60 80mph swept through the country with registered gusts of well over 100mph. The worst of the damage was caused by falling trees which damaged buildings cars and power lines. Severe flooding also affected the country with thousands evacuated from their homes. ",China
" Storm Ciara February 2020 ",China
" Storm  Ciara  hits the South Coast of Britain with strong winds and huge waves Credit  Ge ",China
" Advertisement ",China
" At the start of February Storm Ciara hit the UK with gusts of up to 97mph with torrential rain causing electricity outages flooding and travel chaos across the country with at least 20000 homes left without power. ",China
" Castles of the World  Interactive Google Map  ",China
" Here you can explore the world for castles. Each icon is clickable. It will bring up an information box telling you more about the castle. And all the normal google map tools are available. You can use your mouse wheel to zoom in on the map. For example if you are interested in the castles from one particular country you can zoom in on that country. And you can click hold and drag the map around. ",China
"    For each of the castles on the map you can click on the icon and an information window will pop up. It will give you an overview of the castle a picture and a link to more information about it. ",China
" And some castles are close together geographically. So zooming in will give them separation. ",China
" Current count of castles on the map  104 ",China
" Have you visited a castle that is not on this map  Do you have pictures  Send me an email    I would love to add it this this map. ",China
" Palatial structures set in the tranquil green countryside or austere strongholds atop unassailable crags the castles of the world   so often marked by extravagant architecture enormous parks richly furnished rooms turbulent histories and an aura ",China
" The most beautiful and important castles and palaces of Europe are presented here in a single volume. 240 color illustrations and high quality photographs along with background information historical facts and entertaining anecdotes make this is an indispensable reference for lovers of architecture and history alike. ",China
" So you thought a man s home was his castle eh  In fact it was more likely to have been his fortress. Built as military strongholds by noblemen to protect against enemy invaders and rebellious citizenry early castles of the 9th century were cold dark stone bastions. It wasn t until the 15th century that castles began functioning as more lavish living quarters  increasing in size and interior ornamentation. Robbin Oggins s sampling of castles as well as palaces and castle ruins makes for an engaging picture book for travelers wishing to explore an era when monarchs ruled and feudalism comprised the economic and social order. ",China
" Covering Europe during the Middle Ages Castles and Fortresses opens with a compact but informative chapter on the evolution of the castle. The book then chronicles the political histories of Europe s various regions and how castles formed according to their military needs. Though the text is a bit general the book s large color photographs speak volumes. The pictures are bright and crisp shot from wide and aerial angles capturing the majesty of these fabled architectural masterpieces and the lovely scenery surrounding them. Among the more renowned castles featured are the Warwick Castle in England Chateau Chinon in France Neuschwanstein in Germany and Miramar Castle in Italy. Brief coverage is given to western Asia  the Kremlin in Moscow for example  and North America. A glossary and bibliography are also included.   Karen Karleski ",China
" Christopher Gravett has given us a fascinating look into how castles were built around the world and why in this major book. Floor plans and construction details of many castles are included along with the stories of military campaigns waged to lay siege to and destroy them. For students or history and architecture this is a landmark book. Includes 200 full color photographs 30 recontructions glossary and 70 detailed maps. ",China
" Paper Castles ",China
" This is an inexpensive but qualilty card model. If you are new to this kind of paper castle building this would be a great one to start with. It s not too complicated. ",China
" A castle is a defensive structure seen as one of the main symbols of the Middle Ages. The term has a history of scholarly debate surrounding its exact meaning but it is usually regarded as being distinct from the general terms fort or fortress in that it describes a residence of a monarch or noble and commands a specific defensive territory. Roman forts and hill forts were the main antecedents of castles throughout Europe which emerged in the 9th century in the Carolingian Empire. The advent of cannon and gunpowder in the mid 13th century changed the needs of warfare in Europe limiting the effectiveness of the castle and leading to the rise of the fort. Tools needed to complete construction  mid sized scissors modeling knife water based glue ruler or triangle and modeling pins. Tools Not Included. ",China
" The Tower of London and King Richard the LionHeart s Chateau Gaillard are here to assemble. Their tales are told and beautifully illustrated. ",China
" Authentic full color replica of Caernarvon Castle built in Wales  ca. 1285 1322  comes with complete instructions for cutting folding and assembling parts. Includes historical text. ",China
" Castle Storm is the second novel in the Welkin Weasels series by Garry Kilworth. Picking up shortly after the end of Thunder Oak the novel centres on the anthropomorphised weasels searching for the humans that mysteriously vanished from their homeland many years before. Following a clue found in the first book the weasels led by the outlaw Sylver and pursued by the stoat Sheriff Falshed journey to a far away city where they find themselves entangled in a battle between rivalling clans of squirrels. Published in Germany under the title Belagert die Sturmburg. ",China
" After discovering the second clue to the whereabouts of the humans lies at the famed Castle Storm the outlaw weasels journey to the south of Welkin where the castle lies to discover more about the mysterious human evacuation. However a cascade of rats is swarming down from the marshes in the north of the island to seize power from Prince Poynt. ",China
" In the unnamed marshes in the north of Welkin the evil stoat lord Flaggatis plots to eradicate Prince Poynt s grip on power. He sends his evil rats to commence a massive war against the stoats. His main attack source is Castle Rayn home of the stoats but he also has other targets too  County Elleswhere home of Sylver s band and County Fearsomeshire home of Lord Ragnar. Prince Poynt and his stoats are overwhelmed  in their beds  as Flaggatis hopes but not before a ferret messenger is sent to Lord Haukin ruler of Halfmoon Wood. ",China
" In the wood Sylver s band corner the ferret and eventually when Sylver arrives they listen to his story. Lord Flaggatis has built a massive wooden god effigy more like a monstrous white rat than anything else. After hearing the ferret s alarming tale the weasels consider what to do and decide to support the stoats in their battle against the rats as the rats are the enemies of all of Welkin and the weasels start to travel to Castle Rayn. They eventually reach it although they have to contend with several cowardly stoat mercenaries upon the way who have deserted the war out of fear of the rats but eventually the cowardly stoat soldiers join the weasels to attack the rats. The weasels send Scirf and Mawk in to infiltrate the castle and they eventually enter but the weasels are captured by Prince Poynt in the process who throws them in his dungeons. Mawk the doubter convinces their guard to play a game of hollyhockers with him and appears to lose but later he reveals that he held the guard s key to the weasels  cell in his mouth all along. ",China
" After slipping through a grating cover the weasels worm their way down through the underground rivers and enter an otter colony where they meet Sleek an otter obsessed with fashion. Back at Castle Rayn Prince Poynt appears cleverer than he looks and tells Sheriff Falshed to follow the weasels and obstruct them in their quest. After allowing him to free them the weasels then enter an open lake where they meet their old friend Sheriff Falshed who has been knocked unconscious by the fall from the cliff. After contending with some rats and a giant dragonfly nymph carnivorous in nature  carnivorous meaning mammal eating rather than insect eating  Sheriff Falshed fakes amnesia and thus the weasels finally make their way to the castle leaving Sleek the otter to go his own way  to find a fashion industry . Sheriff Falshed fakes amnesia throughout the entire voyage to Castle Storm where the weasels meet a massive rivalry between the grey squirrels and the highly arrogant red squirrels. The red squirrels are led by Clive of Coldkettle who sports an extra large tail and the grey squirrels are led by Pommf de Fritte. The weasels are accepted by the reds and are shown around town by Clive where Sylver encounters a coven of moles who much to Sylver s alarm proclaim him to be Lord of Elleswhere. ",China
" The weasels are invited to a tournament where to their horror their friend Icham is killed by Torca Marda. Icham dies despite an attempt to revive him by a good stoat doctor. After a feast that night where the weasels meet two evil ferrets called Rosencrass and Guildenswine who plot to kill Prince Poynt and an extremely evil stoat called Torca Marda who killed Sylver s father. The weasels then journey down beneath the castle to search for the clue and narrowly avoid death when Torca Marda attempts to kill the weasels by resurrecting a badger although they kill the fiend by stabbing it with a raptor s claw. Then the dragonfly from the lake breaks out of its aquatic nature and attacks the castle devouring any creature in its path. The coven of moles still intent on Sylver being a lord suggest that they should feed the old and weak animals to the ravenous beast and Torca Marda agrees on this mad plan. ",China
" Wodehed the magician comes up with a solution to the problem of the dragonfly  they must journey to the Forest of Lost Birds and retrieve a secret herb known as Shatter from the goddess Sessile s garden. Sessile is a sentient tree and in her roots another dimension resides. On their way to the forest they run into and escape a group of birds who are obsessed with the idea of returning home to their island via a ship of Braeburns and then are attacked by Rosencrass and Guildenswine who upon revealing that they have murdered one of the birds are imprisoned in the trees of the Forest of Lost Birds. The weasels retrieve the herb return to Castle Storm and destroy the dragonfly whereupon it shatters into small harmless dragonflies. Torca Marda furious at this loss of chaos attempts to kill Sylver but is scared off by Scirf pretending to be an animal dying from the mange and falls over a cliff to his death. His priests attempting to shatter the squirrels into pieces with the herb are themselves turned into minuscule stoats by the same herb and Welkin is free of the evil of Torca Marda. The next day Lord Ragnar is killed in battle with the rats and Prince Poynt promises to elect Sylver to a lord if he defeats the rats thus fulfilling the mole coven s prophecy. Lord Haukin tells Sylver and the weasels to partially knock down the sea walls allowing a bore to flood to Castle Rayn and destroy the rat hordes along with the effigy although Lord Flaggatis escapes along with most of the rats. ",China
" The otter Sleek comes to Castle Rayn to make a fashion industry with the stoat princess Prince Poynt s sister  who secretly fancies Falshed  and the prince is left to his misery thinking gloomily about his murdered brother King Redfur  Poynt refuses to be king as all the previous stoat kings were murdered  who often enters his mind when he is feeling depressed. The novel ends with Poynt overlooking a massive inland saltlake which now spreads around his castle whereas in the rest of Welkin the sea begins to cascade down into the land. ",China
" Lord Haukin   A well read and gentle tempered old stoat who rules County Elleswhere. ",China
" Clive of Coldkettle   The boisterous one eyed leader of the red squirrels famed for his lengthy tail which curves inward. ",China
" Rosencrass and Guildenswine   A pair of sneaky ferrets who sell information to the highest bidder. Rosencrass is male and Guildenswine is female. ",China
" Culver   Lord Haukin s faithful and patient servant who is penning the history of Welkin. ",China
" Gritnal   Lord Ragnar s servant  at odds with Culver. ",China
" Pompom   Prince Poynt s impetuous court jester  never without an inflated mouse bladder on a stick with which he hits other creatures. ",China
" Grubelgut   A stoat specialising in the creation of poisons who Torca Marda intends to have assassinate Prince Poynt. ",China
" King Redfur   Prince Poynt s brother and the former ruler of Welkin. Prince Poynt had him assassinated by the fox Magellan after which he took power. The then priest Torca Marda created a religion worshiping Redfur and Poynt banished Torca Marda and forbade anyone to mention Redfur s name thereafter. Nonetheless the Prince is sometimes seen talking to his brother s grave. ",China
" Lord Jessex Lord Elphet and Lord Wilisen   Noblemen of Welkin who frequently visit Poynt. ",China
" Lord Ragnar   The crude and violent Thane of County Fearsomeshire. He is killed by the rats after ignoring Lord Haukin s warnings. ",China
" Spinfer   Falshed s creative and quick thinking servant who advises Prince Poynt in Falshed s absence. ",China
" Kloog   An old alchemist who tells Sylver Mawk and Scirf how to defeat the undead badger. ",China
" Bead   The head scribe of the monks who live beneath Castle Storm. ",China
" Colin   Leader of the ptarmigan clan in the Forest of Lost Birds. ",China
" Griselda   The elderly leader of the local psychic mole coven who foretells that Sylver will be Lord of County Elleswhere. ",China
" Mathop Osmand Spavin and Gowk   Members of Griselda s coven. ",China
" Mohic   A historical figure that both tribes of squirrels regard as the first squirrel ever born. Mohic gave birth to both the first red and grey squirrels. Her drey is viewed as a holy relic to the squirrels and they are in constant dispute over which tribe it belongs to. ",China
" Sir Percy   A living statue of a knight which tells Sylver how to find Castle Storm before sinking into a bog. ",China
" Sleek   A cheerful young otter obsessed with fashion. After helping the weasels escape his kin he sets out to Castle Rayn where he becomes Princess Sibiline s royal fashion adviser. ",China
" Robbie   A male red grouse in the Forest of Lost Birds ",China
" Sessile   A gigantic old Oak tree growing in the Forest of Lost Birds  inside her is an eternal garden of every plant and mythical creature ever known. ",China
" The Green Man   A being that lives inside Sessile and tends to the eternal garden. ",China
" The name Torca Marda is derived from that of Tom s de Torquemada underscoring his brutal interrogation methods. ",China
" Falshed s ramblings when he fakes insanity may have been inspired by the dialogue of Edgar in the guise of Tom o  Bedlam in Shakespeare s King Lear. They also contain many references to other works  ",China
" Ho  See a candle flame in yon window niche burns brightly sire. It must be that Lady M walks at this midnight hour    Shakespeare s Macbeth. ",China
" Young Lochinvar has stolen my bride   Sir Walter Scott s Marmion. ",China
" Darkmoor may be a reference to the real place Dartmoor. ",China
" The name Sessile comes from the common name for Quercus petraea the Sessile Oak. ",China
" The name Pommf de Fritte comes from pommes frites the French name for French fries. ",China
" The name Derri re comes from the French word meaning  bottom  a point for which the character is the butt of many jokes. ",China
" The name Furioso comes from the Italian epic Orlando Furioso. ",China
" The mole coven and their addressing of Sylver as Thane of County Elleswhere are allusions to the witches of Shakespeare s Macbeth. ",China
" Patent number 101 the torture device Torca Marda uses on Falshed is a reference to the book Nineteen Eighty Four s Room 101. In Nineteen Eighty Four the character Winston is tortured with the threat of having a wire cage of rats strapped to his face. Patent number 101 is a wire helmet with two attached cages full of earwigs which works in a similar way. ",China
" The squirrel Link leading the weasels through the secret passages may be a reference to the game The Legend of Zelda. ",China
" The claw of glory which must be used to kill the ghoul is based on the legendary Hand of Glory. ",China
" Castle Thunder ",China
" The Castle Thunder is a sound effect that consists the sound of a loud thunderclap during a thunderstorm. It was originally recorded for the 1931 Universal film Frankenstein and has since been featured in a dozen films television programs and commercials until at least the 1990s including many animated films produced by Disney. ",China
" Lady and the Tramp  1955    Heard as Lady s fantasy sequence cuts to her in a leaky doghouse on a stormy night and again when we transition to the night Jim Jr. is born as well as when Aunt Sarah is awakened by Tramp and the rat s fight and Jim Jr. s crying. A slowed down version is also heard several times from the beginning of the storm prior to the fight up to the end of it. ",China
" The Littlest Outlaw  1955    Heard as the train with Pablito and Conquistador on board makes its way to San Miguel during a thunderstorm. ",China
" The Great Locomotive Chase  1956    Heard as Andrews and his men meet on a hillside after dark to plan their trek to Chattanooga. ",China
" Sleeping Beauty  1959    Heard multiple times during scenes featuring Maleficent. It is first heard twice when she shows up at Aurora s christening and escapes after she places her curse on her. It is later heard as lightning flashes around her castle on the Forbidden Mountain. It is also heard when she uses lightning to attack her Goons and Prince Phillip. ",China
" Popeye  1980    Heard during the opening credits before transitioning to the musical number Sweethaven. ",China
" The Little Mermaid  1989    Heard a few times during the storm sequence and once briefly during the final battle against Ursula. ",China
" Shorts ",China
" Chicken Little  1943    Heard when the fox fakes a thunderstorm on the title character waving a small piece of metal to simulate thunder. ",China
" Chips Ahoy  1956    Donald makes thunder sounds by banging a metal fuel container with his foot while playing tricks on Chip and Dale. ",China
" Information about Castle Thunder Prison in Richmond VA during the Civil War. ",China
" A large tobacco warehouse that was located on the north side of Cary Street between 18th   19th Streets. Mainly used for civilian prisoners it was generally packed with murderers cut throats thieves and other desperadoes. Males suspected of disloyalty spies and Union sympathizers were incarcerated here. A large number of its inmates were under sentence of death. A few women were held here including the famous Dr. Mary E. Walker. Used by the Federals for Confederate civilian war criminals after the surrender. Formerly the  William  Greanor s Palmer s   Whitlock s Tobacco factories. ",China
" 9 1862   3 1863  Statistics of Eastern District Hospital  Castle Thunder    hospital closed after March 1863 ",China
" Detail of an Alexander Gardner photograph taken in April 1865 showing the Crew   Pemberton building in ruins looking west. Castle Thunder is in the distance. ",China
" Written Accounts ",China
" 7 6 1861  officers for the Maryland Zouaves are elected  G. W. Alexander is 1st Lieutenant  later Castle Thunder commandant  ",China
" 10 3 1861  Ad to Marylanders from Adjt. G. W. Alexander proposing to form the Zarvona Zouaves ",China
" 10 5 1861  Report of G. W. Alexander s MD meeting Convened at Adam s Bldg 10th St. betw. Main   Cary. Meeting brought to order by Capt. Dugan a fine specimen of a Marylander. Details on GWA ",China
" 10 21 1861  update on recruiting for Zarvona Zouaves. G. W. Alexander back in town. ",China
" 11 26 1861  Short note to 4 little girls from G. Washington Alexander thanking them on behalf of Zarvona Zouaves ",China
" 2 22 1862  Capt. George W. Alexander of Baltimore arrived 2 21 and is staying at the Powhatan Hotel ",China
" 2 25 1862  Wind storm  slate blown off steeple of Broad Street M. E. Church also adjacent scaffolding  100 yards of Petersburg RR bridge track and flooring blown into the river  50 old pines at Howard s Grove fall   smash into half dozen houses formerly used by 57 VA  tin roof at Greanor s Factory  future Castle Thunder  18th St. blown off. ",China
" 3 6 1862  21 prisoners at military prison   Samuel Maccubbin Chief of Provost Marshal police   Baldwin T. Allen clerk of the prison ",China
" 3 6 1862  Samuel Macubbin has been appointed Chief of Police and Baldwin T. Allen has been appointed clerk of the prison in Lumpkins  Alley  Castle Godwin  ",China
" 3 18 1862  Capt. Geo. W. Alexander appointed Assistant Provost Marshal  he has not recovered fully from his injuries ",China
" 3 18 1862  Capt. Geo. W. Alexander has been appointed Assistant Provost Marshal of Richmond ",China
" 3 20 1862  G. W. Alexander raids house near corner of Cary   13th. Arrested  some 12 or 15 persons of bad character.  ",China
" 3 21 1862  nice details on G. W. Alexander raid 17th   Cary. Lts. Turner Emack   Semple assisted. Arrested every male on the block   89 in all. ",China
" 4 3 1862  description of Capt. Godwin and his police detectives. Godwin has his office on Broad corner of Ninth street. Macubbin is Chief of Confederate States Military Police ",China
" 4 8 1862  T. P. Turner and G. W. Alexander make dawn raid on bars Cary between 17th and 18th. ",China
" 4 24 1862  Lt. R. M. Booker has become one of the Assistant Provost Marshals of the city   he had previously been one of the officers in charge of the C.S. Military Prison on Main street ",China
" 4 28 1862  A. C. Godwin has resigned as Provost Marshal and G. W. Griswold is appointed in his place ",China
" 5 3 1862  letter from Alexander to Godwin containing a breakdown of the numbers of guards detailed at the various prisons ",China
" 5 20 1862  George W. Alexander carried the dispatches from Drewry s Bluff to Richmond  Lt. James H. Rochelle manned  gun No. 2  during the fight ",China
" 5 27 1862  account of shooting in front of Exchange ends fatally. Victim belonged to G. W. Alexander ",China
" 5 27 1862  Richard Barry Caskie s Mounted Rangers shot by Provost Guard in front of Seabrook s Warehouse. Taken to Alexander Hospital on Franklin St. ",China
" 6 2 1862  Extravagant story about detective Cashmeyer killing Yanks at Seven Pines ",China
" 6 6 1862  City Arms Hotel Hosp. 15th St. established by Capt. Alexander  McDaniel s Jail known as Castle Godwin ",China
" 6 12 1862  2 men discharged from Castle Thunder  first mention of Castle Thunder   ",China
" 6 17 1862  Capt. Bossieux s Co doing provost duty. Arrested more than 50 AWOLs on Saturday ",China
" 6 17 1862  Praise for Capt. G. W. Alexander and notes his promotion to Assistant Adjutant General to Gen. Winder. Notes that he is one of the handsomest men in the Confederate service. ",China
" 6 26 1862  man makes a donation to Captain G. W. Alexander for the benefits of the patients in the Alexander Hospital. ",China
" 7 3 1862  G. W. Alexander at Castle Godwin says negro of Jas. Bates now confined there ",China
" 7 8 1862  excellent details on Richmond prisons  Libby Barrett s Greanor   Palmer s factories Officer s prison on 18th street. ",China
" 7 12 1862  Description of the guards of the bridges over the James River  J. H. Greanor commanding owner of the Greanor building of Castle Thunder  ",China
" 8 2 1862  600 Yankees have been exchanged including women from Castle Thunder  the sickest men from Belle Isle and Libby are sent first  4100 remain on Belle Isle and 400 at Libby Prison ",China
" 8 6 1862  it is contemplated to remove prisoners from Castle Godwin to Greanor s factory  Castle Thunder  ",China
" 8 8 1862  escaped federal officers have been recaptured and put in Greanor prison ",China
" 8 12 1862  Castle Thunder to be HQ of provost marshal  Castle Godwin to fade into oblivion ",China
" 8 14 1862  Castle Godwin contains 250 prisoners   it is hoped that Greanor s factory  Castle Thunder  will hold 1000 ",China
" 8 18 1862  Castle Godwin will be evacuated today the prisoners being removed to Greanor s factory  Castle Thunder  ",China
" 8 18 1862  Prisoners to be moved from Castle Godwin to Greanor s Tobacco Factory  Castle Thunder  ",China
" 8 19 1862  all Castle Godwin prisoners  500 600  were removed to Castle Thunder yesterday ",China
" 8 21 1862  movement of prisoners from Castle Godwin to Castle Thunder. Lengthy description of Castle Thunder. ",China
" 8 22 1862  C. S. deserters have been moved to Castle Thunder from Libby Prison   now Libby has only Yankee prisoners ",China
" 8 22 1862  guards for Castle Thunder and Libby Prison are quartered at the Friends  Meeting House corner of 19th and Cary streets ",China
" 8 25 1862  prisoner at Castle Thunder is shot while trying to escape though not killed ",China
" 8 28 1862  Wm. Hines arrested near Drewry s Bluff   sent to Castle Thunder for trading with Yankees ",China
" 8 28 1862  B. Wardwell ice dealer exonerated of disloyalty   released from Castle Thunder ",China
" 8 29 1862  A. B. Martin private in Washington Artillery arrested at Spotswood for stealing 120 letters from post office. Sent to Castle Thunder ",China
" 9 5 1862  Slave of J. E. Johnston arrested for selling liquor to soldiers   sent to Castle Thunder. Also a local white woman named Mary Gleason ",China
" 9 8 1862  List of new Castle Thunder inmates   their offenses. 50 inmates sent under guard to rebuild a bridge over Rapidan recently destroyed ",China
" 9 8 1862  Augustus Godfrey King William Artillery deserter caught and sent to Castle Thunder ",China
" 9 10 1862  12th Va. soldier dies in Castle Thunder hospital and is buried in Oakwood Cemetery ",China
" 9 10 1862  slave of James H. Grant breaks into the house of a slave of William Greanor ",China
" 9 11 1862  26 POWs arrive plus laundress of 26 Pa. who was sent to Castle Thunder ",China
" 9 12 1862  list of commissioned officers POW at Williamsburg   arrived at Richmond. Two  vivandiers  also caught   put into Castle Thunder ",China
" 9 12 1862  Fauquier resident sent to Castle Thunder for refusing to take CSA currency ",China
" 9 13 1862  General Winder appoints  Lt. Early  to investigate cases of imprisoned CSA soldiers   expedite their return to army. ",China
" 9 15 1862  3300 prisoners including 61 officers have been exchanged at Aiken s Landing. Some of the prisoners were women and deserters held in Castle Thunder ",China
" 9 15 1862  prisoner in Castle Thunder has death sentence respited by President Davis ",China
" 9 16 17 1862  deranged man shot at Castle Thunder while trying to escape and later dies ",China
" 9 17 1862  Patrick McGowan E59VA at Castle Thunder awaiting execution for desertion ",China
" 9 18 1862  3 disloyal Virginians at Castle Thunder traded for 3 loyal Virginians in Yankee hands ",China
" 9 20 1862  84 Castle Thunder inmates have been taken to Winchester to be returned to their units ",China
" 9 20 1862  Three men at Castle Thunder to be executed   named. To occur next week at Camp Lee under G. W. Alexander s supervision ",China
" 9 22 1862  2 soldiers in Castle Thunder for robbing citizen. Mayor forced to contemplate extent of his authority in city over military personnel. Slave items and prostitution as well. ",China
" 9 23 1862  Davis postpones three executions at Camp Lee  prisoners are at Castle Thunder  for 10 days ",China
" 9 25 1862  G. W. Alexander providing men to help collect firearms in city for army use ",China
" 9 26 1862  most of men in Eastern District prison to be discharged   sent to army ",China
" 9 27 1862  Jno. Pendergrast  soldier  apprehended as thief   sent to Castle Thunder ",China
" 9 27 1862  Geo. T. Twells ex Lieut. McCulloch Rangers released from Castle Thunder ",China
" 9 29 1862  101 men from Castle Thunder have been escorted to Winchester to be returned to their regiments. Notes that the deserters will forfeit 3 months pays ",China
" 9 29 1862  among next batch of northbound prisoners will be A. McMillen   John May ex Castle Godwin men now in Castle Thunder. Also Yankee females ",China
" 9 30 1862  enormous list from Winder of  negroes now confined in the Military Prisons in Richmond    where from who owned by  if slave  ",China
" 10 1 1862  Jason Brightwell C10BnHA into Castle Thunder for stealing a weapon from Mrs. Miles Ambler 10 miles below city. ",China
" 10 2 1862  B. W. Rogers soldier to be shot for desertion at Camp Lee pardoned on account of previous bravery. Two others Patrick McGowan   John Kellaher still to be shot. ",China
" 10 2 1862  one deserter confined at Castle Thunder pardoned from death sentence. His two rap buddies will be hung soon at Camp Lee ",China
" 10 3 1862  Dr. Wm. P. Rucker at Castle Thunder with treason murder arson charges brought before Judge on habeas corpus ",China
" 10 3 1862  inspection report for Castle Thunder Hospital and Libby Prison Hospital ",China
" 10 4 1862  D. W. Rogers pardoned from execution has been respited only. Maybe same as John Roach crew of CSS Virginia ",China
" 10 6 1862  John Connors La. soldier sent to Castle Thunder for trespassing at Columbia Hotel ",China
" 10 6 1862  long description of 10 4 execution of two 14th Va men  Patrick McGowan   John Kelleher. Taken from Castle Thunder to Camp Lee in  large omnibus  of Exchange Hotel escorted by Wrenn s Henrico cavalry. Part of Cyrus Bossiuex s Co. did the executing. G. W. Alexander in charge. D. W. Rogers 1 Va. respited 14 days   Owen Maguire 1 Va gets 50 lashes. Whipping performed by volunteer from Wrenn s Co. ",China
" 10 7 1862  Patrick Fagan kills James Morrissey with single punch. Both in Whitingham s Battery. Fagan taken to Castle Thunder. ",China
" 10 7 1862  735 USA prisoners sent from Libby for exchange leaving 212. The prison hospital lately at Palmer s factory will be moved  back to the west end of the Libby building.  ",China
" 10 7 1862  Mayor s Court  James Williams drunk soldier sent to Castle Thunder  Hoenniger charges men with burglary room  44 Spotswood Hotel  slave charged with stealing money from guest at the Ballard House  discharged   free negro without papers ordered whipped for smoking a cigar in the street  another free negro threatens boy in Second Market   used  indecent language    ordered to be whipped. ",China
" 10 8 1862  Castle Thunder hospital closed 10 7   60 plus patients there moved to Libby ",China
" 10 10 1862  50 CSA prisoners   presumably Castle Thunder   to be sent to ANV today ",China
" 10 11 1862  Frances F. Jannison of NY arrested in Culpeper Co. as spy. Sent to Castle Thunder. ",China
" 10 11 1862  Federal commandant of the Old Capitol Prison in Washington D.C. has inspected Castle Thunder and finds it favorable  alludes to Capt. Alexander s escape from Federal authorities early in the war ",China
" 10 16 1862  friends of G. W. Alexander present him with  splendid  horse saddle bridle ",China
" 10 16 1862  6 new prisoners recd. 10 13   Jas. Lynch Barney McNamee   Wm. Rogers of Whittingham s Arty.  bread   water   F. L. Smith of Culpeper  disloyalty    J. H. Weeks Wm. Weeks of Culpeper  piloting enemy  ",China
" 10 17 1862  reprint of Richmond Dispatch October 17 1862 article regarding an escape attempt. ",China
" 10 17 1862  Escape attempt at Castle Thunder foiled. To benefit Rogers the 1Va soldier due to be shot. ",China
" 10 17 1862  9th Pa. Cavalry Colonel moved from Libby to Castle Thunder   under accusations of bad behavior in Tennessee. Also 17 deserters arrived there from South   4 1st Md.  US  Cavalry charged with murder ",China
" 10 18 1862  3 Henrico citizens put in Castle Thunder for stealing govt. wood  Jno. Kilgrove  Thos.   Robt. Oakley ",China
" 10 23 1862  T. P. Turner has been promoted to Captain and will return to be commandant of Libby Prison. In the meantime Capt. Alexander will command both Libby and Castle Thunder ",China
" 10 23 1862  42 deserters from NC put into Castle Thunder on 10 22. 100 inmates to head for ANV today. J. T. Smith robbery to Castle Thunder yesterday. Also a bogus Provost officer. ",China
" 10 23 1862  Capt. G. W. Alexander has been ordered to take charge of the Yankee prisoners in the city ",China
" 10 23 1862  Capt. G. W. Alexander has been ordered to take charge of the Yankee prisoners in Richmond  61 deserters arrived at Castle Thunder yesterday ",China
" 10 25 1862  List of 5 women now at Castle Thunder. Also Wm. Patterson   Wm. Morris 15 Va. deserters   Geo. H. Munford Jos. Bradford Dabney s Hvy. Artillery to be court martialled ",China
" 10 27 1862  Major Jordan 9th PA Cavalry sent from Libby to Castle Thunder under charge of atrocities ",China
" 10 27 1862  two Yankee soldiers moved from Libby to Castle Thunder to be tried as spies ",China
" 10 27 1862  J. W. Sanderson  5VaCav  to Castle Thunder for having forged furlough ",China
" 10 27 1862  elderly countryman sent to Castle Thunder from Fredericksburg charged with smuggling negroes ",China
" 10 27 1862  Rev. T. V. Moore preached at Castle Thunder on 10 26 from  impromptu pulpit  in main room ",China
" 10 28 1862  S. W. McCammon escapee from Castle Thunder recaptured in Petersburg ",China
" 10 28 1862  Mayor s Court  many slave items  Jno. Flinn of Castle Thunder before Mayor for theft in prison ",China
" 10 28 1862  notes that the neighborhood of Castle Thunder is a very rowdy one and that the vagabonds in Richmond could make a good sized regiment ",China
" 10 29 1862  new deserters confined at Castle Thunder   James Conway and H. Williams F5Va. Jno. Collins 13VaBn   Wm. Conley 18Va ",China
" 10 31 1862  Jno. F. Parke 44Va at Castle Thunder announced to be shot 11 3 at Camp Lee ",China
" 11 1 1862  Lt. Samuel H. Wyvill forger moved into city jail from Castle Thunder ",China
" 11 1 1862  James Tyrer   Chas. Green into Castle Thunder for fighting. Tyrer then beaten up in Castle Thunder. ",China
" 11 1 1862  Other new Castle Thunder inmates  7 members of 42Miss. pretending to be members of provost guard  six deserters from E6Va  2 deserters from Johnson s Battery  20 N.C. soldiers  Wm. H. Boice  drunk   Samuel H. Martin F58Va AWOL    Wm. E. Disney forger. ",China
" 11 3 1862  list of new Castle Thunder inmates. 9 unnamed deserters from Camp Lee  some disloyal Loudoun county men   a few others ",China
" 11 3 1862  member of the 44th Va  Richmond Zouaves  reprieved from being shot at Camp Lee ",China
" 11 4 1862  list of 8 men arrested by Capt. Wren s cavalry for stealing Government wood. All sent to Castle Thunder. ",China
" 11 4 1862  6 deserters taken to Castle Thunder including Jas. Knight 13 Va  Lewis Hall Montague s Battery ",China
" 11 5 1862  list of comings and goings at Castle Thunder. Some names   details  13 deserters received from Camp Lee. ",China
" 11 5 1862  Prisoner totals as of Nov. 4   Libby has 224 POWs 196 citizens 36 Confederates 68 Yankee deserters 57 negroes. Total is 571. Castle Thunder   290 total. ",China
" 11 6 1862  3 patients at GH 7  named  jailed at Castle Thunder for robbing a comrade ",China
" 11 6 1862  Names   units of 6 deserters thrown into Castle Thunder including E. J. Henry 6th Va. Also 3 Yankee deserters   2 civilians. ",China
" 11 7 1862  list of 10 new inmates at Castle Thunder   their offences. Includes Jas. Howard deserter from Woolfolk s Battery   3 CSN men all drunk. ",China
" 11 8 1862  7 new prisoners at Castle Thunder including 2nd SC man from GH 18 for misdemeanor and a soldier recognized as a crewman of CSS Patrick Henry ",China
" 11 8 1862  proprietor of  Wayside Inn  Franklin St. to Castle Thunder for stealing liquor ",China
" 11 10 1862  two mean acquitted for role in robbery at GH 7 released from Castle Thunder. ",China
" 11 11 1862  Patrick Reardon arrested near Old Church smuggling tobacco. Sent to Castle Thunder. ",China
" 11 11 1862  List of 12 new admittances to Castle Thunder  20 new POWs at Libby many of them citizen prisoners. ",China
" 11 11 1862  death notice for C. H. L Esteange of England d. 11 9 1862 at Castle Thunder. Column inserted  by his fellow prisoners of the citizens  room  at Castle Thunder. ",China
" 11 12 1862  31 POWs arrive at Libby 21 of them USN. Also deserter from Wheat s Bn. put into Castle Thunder. ",China
" 11 12 1862  Daniel Wilson deserter from N. C. unit d. 11 11 at Castle Thunder pneumonia ",China
" 11 12 1862  Luther Libby chairman of Shoes Campaign for Jefferson Ward  Wm. Greanor and Cornelius Crew are also mentioned ",China
" 11 13 1862  John Haley 1SC drunk sent to Castle Thunder  John Norman free negro ordered a  thrashing  for disturbing the peace near the  new Alms House.  ",China
" 11 15 1862  6 deserters added to Castle Thunder from Petersburg and two others named   total now 390 on 11 14 ",China
" 11 17 1862  Richard Barry in Castle Thunder for shooting Samuel Crump soldier on Cary between 17th and 18th area known as Dublin. ",China
" 11 18 1862  40 men to go back to army from Castle Thunder today. New accessions listed. ",China
" 11 19 1862  list of new Castle Thunder inmates and their offenses including a gang of women transferred in from Libby. Sentinel also shot at Castle Thunder prisoners missed. ",China
" 11 19 1862  Wm. Weeks Castle Thunder Culpeper resident who piloted Yankees at Cedar Mountain sues for writ to habeas corpus. ",China
" 11 19 1862  T. P. Turner enlists the help of G. W. Alexander to catch an escaped Libby prisoner. E. Ross signs as clerk ",China
" 11 20 1862  deserter from 15VA Cav Battn has head shaved is branded and drummed out of service. Ceremony took place at Castle Thunder ",China
" 11 20 1862  Ira Parker Castle Thunder deserter arraigned for theft. Gets 3 years ",China
" 11 21 1862  3 deserters from Fayette Arty and one Federal deserter into Castle Thunder ",China
" 11 22 1862  4 Yankees escape from Libby on blanket rope. Three men of 25VaBn put into Castle Thunder for negligence as guards. ",China
" 11 24 1862  2 drunk soldiers to Castle Thunder  3 rowdy soldiers at Varieties sent to Castle Thunder ",China
" 11 24 1862  Mayor s Court items  2 soldiers fighting on theatre steps sent to Castle Thunder  Michael Rourke 1TX thief sent to Castle Thunder  T. W. Hoenniger  keeping billiard tables without license  charges dropped ",China
" 11 25 1862  list of new Castle Thunder inmates  including the watchman of Chimborazo Hospital for being drunk and disorderly. ",China
" 11 27 1862  Lewis Beckham 1st Va. Bn deserter caught and sent to Castle Thunder. 28 deserters mostly NC arrive at Castle Thunder. Prison now using  corporeal punishment  instead of bucking. Eight Castle Thunder prisoners rob fellow inmate. They each got 25 lashes. ",China
" 11 27 1862  R. B. Richardson Keen Hospital corner Main   13th adv for negro escaped from Castle Thunder ",China
" 11 28 1862  three drunk soldiers sent to Castle Thunder including Francis Fields  also John P. Usher H9La drunk   disorderly patient at GH 13   13 men from Petersburg provost marshal. New punishment at Castle Thunder for misconduct  has had a most salutary effect on the manners of the inmates.  ",China
" 11 29 1862  245 Federal soldiers to be paroled at City Point today   officers named including Col. Thos. J. Jordan 9th PA who for some time was in Castle Thunder ",China
" 12 1 1862  New arrivals at Castle Thunder including one federal soldier charged with rape ",China
" 12 2 1862  Frederick Lindsey 1TX   Mathew Pitman 1GA both arrested for drunken fracas at Rockett s. Pitman to Castle Thunder Lindsey left behind  having had his skull broken by a skillet in the hands of a female whose house he had entered.  ",China
" 12 4 1862  list of new Castle Thunder inmates. Includes Mike O Bryan AWOL fireman from CSS Jamestown and Jno. Govan AWOL from CSS Richmond ",China
" 12 9 1862  escaped Libby prisoner arrested for something else   returned to Libby  Kile Norton  a South Carolina darkey  employed at Castle Thunder ",China
" 12 10 1862  new Castle Thunder accessions include citizen from near Winchester  Henry Hall 1GA    also one suspicious civilian ",China
" 12 10 1862  Jackson Triplett 54NC died 12 8 at Castle Thunder   typhoid pneumonia  unnamed sentinel at Camp Lee supposedly froze to death 12 7 ",China
" 12 10 1862  Castle Thunder will be a general depot for all deserters and State prisoners in the Confederacy ",China
" 12 11 1862  Scully and Lewis confined at Castle Thunder as spies are to be released and sent North ",China
" 12 12 1862  flag of truce exchange expected soon to include 3 women spies  named  now at Castle Thunder. ",China
" 12 13 1862  very long list of Castle Thunder accessions giving name unit offense. Includes man sent from GH 20 for bad conduct. 3 females there sent North yesterday ",China
" 12 13 1862  escape attempt from Castle Thunder   perpetrators were in Cell No. 1 first floor north side. ",China
" 12 16 1862  political prisoner J. G. Anderson ordered released by the CS Sec. of War ",China
" 12 18 1862  Yankee captain named A. C. Webster WVa unit put in Castle Thunder on 12 17 for murder of CS prisoner in western VA ",China
" 12 18 1862  man who had escaped from Castle Thunder twice before is recaptured in Rocketts ",China
" 12 19 1862  drunk woman falls into the canal near Castle Thunder   infant drowns she put in the cage ",China
" 12 20 1862  Michael Kearns in Castle Thunder. British subject but recognized as deserter from Letcher Artillery ",China
" 12 20 1862  R. A. Slaughter E53Va. died 12 19 at Castle Thunder Hospital disease ",China
" 12 20 1862  Capt. Cyrus Bossieux of prison guard still in command at Castle Thunder ",China
" 12 24 1862  G. W. Alexander returns to his post at Castle Thunder after some time at Fredericksburg with the Letcher Artillery ",China
" 12 27 1862  Castle Thunder described briefly   hospital is in the upper story Dr. Coggin is in charge ",China
" 12 29 1862  a plot by 150 prisoners in Castle Thunder to assassinate the guard and escape is thwarted and the ring leader is placed in irons and fed bread and water ",China
" 12 31 1862  all but the ringleaders of the Castle Thunder mutiny have been released and sent back to camp ",China
" 1 5 1863  five inmates of Castle Thunder have gotten sick with small pox and taken to Howard s Grove ",China
" 1 13 1863  T. P. Turner is ordered to be on a board of inquiry to investigate an escape from Castle Thunder ",China
" 1 25 1863  Ould addresses charge that Fourth Regiment East Tennessee and other Tennessee and Ohio regts held in Castle Thunder ",China
" 1 29 1863  prisoners at Castle Thunder attempt to burn it down. Alexander is successful in putting the fire out. Mentions prison opposite Castle Thunder. ",China
" 3 25 1863  two soldiers charged with shooting two men have been sent to Castle Thunder to await Court Martial ",China
" 3 30 1863  Capt. Webster under sentence of death attempts to escape from Castle Thunder but sprains his ankle in the jump and doesn t get far before being recaptured ",China
" 3 1863  description of the author s imprisonment in Richmond. Gives a rare description of the interior of Castle Thunder ",China
" 9 1862   3 1863  Statistics of Eastern District Hospital  Castle Thunder    hospital closed after March 1863 ",China
" 4 6 1863  the Richmond City Battalion  25th Bn VA Inf  is understood to be leaving the city for active service due to unsavory types infesting its ranks ",China
" 4 7 1863  deserter from the 54VA shot and killed while trying to escape from Castle Thunder ",China
" 4 8 1863  prisoner at Castle Thunder was shot at and wounded after verbally abusing a guard ",China
" 4 8 1863  two Yankee POWs who had taken an oath of allegiance to the CSA attempted to escape back to Union lines and were recaptured and sent to Libby then to Castle Thunder ",China
" 4 9 1863  Castle Thunder items  notes that two members of the city battalion  the guards for the Richmond prisons  have been imprisoned for sleeping at their posts ",China
" 4 9 1863  a portion of the detective force stationed at Castle Thunder has been sent to work for the Provost Marshal ",China
" 4 11 1863  details of the execution of Captain Webster a Castle Thunder prisoner at Camp Lee ",China
" 4 15 1863  two prisoners escaped from the City Jail  five men escaped from Castle Thunder ",China
" 4 18 1863  Two artillerists including a man from Battery  2 who escaped from Castle Thunder have been recaptured ",China
" April 1863  Evidence taken before the committee of the House of Representatives of the Confederate States appointed to inquire into the treatment of prisoners at Castle Thunder  very large  ",China
" 5 6 1863  prisoners arrive at Castle Thunder and Libby Prison  554 prisoner sent by flag of truce to City Point  Libby now has very few inmates except political prisoners ",China
" 5 11 1863  Castle Thunder admittees  1300 Yankees arrived yesterday   if this rate keeps up Belle Isle will be re opened ",China
" 5 28 1863  Sidney Smith Lee commandant at Drewry s Bluff writes to enquire whether 3 Castle Thunder prisoners who wrote to him might be released and allowed to enlist in the Navy. All three were in prison for desertion. ",China
" 6 7 1864  details on a woman who told Beast Butler that Mayor Mayo had been thrown into Castle Thunder  false rumor  ",China
" 6 30 1863   7 2 1863  A flurry of dispatches from Stanton regarding civilian prisoners ",China
" 7 2 1863  two deserters lodged in Castle Thunder  mentions escape attempt by tunneling. ",China
" 7 16 1863  Lt. Buford aka Alice Williams sent to Mississippi from Castle Thunder. ",China
" 7 16 1863  Lieut. Bufurd aka Alice Williams has been released from Castle Thunder ",China
" 7 21 1863  A member of the Washington Artillery a four time escapee from Castle Thunder has been recaptured and put back in Castle Thunder ",China
" 7 22 1863  an enormous bird is brought to Castle Thunder   wing amputated still manages to gouge out the eyeballs of one of the Castle Thunder dogs ",China
" 7 28 1863  prisoners at Castle Thunder now have access to the large plaza attached to it ",China
" 7 31 1863  Spencer Kellogg charged with being a spy and a deserter is held at Castle Thunder. ",China
" 8 6 1863  patient at Winder Hospital detained at Castle Thunder with no charge and eventually released ",China
" 8 8 1863  100 prisoners arrive at Libby Prison 65 negroes incarcerated in Castle Thunder ",China
" 8 12 1863  Isaac Carrington asks Lieut. Turner at Libby for charges on Yankee prisoners who were sent to Castle Thunder from there. One has been there since 9 25 1862 and was Sent by Capt. Wirtz ",China
" 8 24 1863  two patients in the 1st Division of Howard s Grove Hospital are taken to Castle Thunder for exciting a mutiny ",China
" 9 1 1863  Commandants of Libby and Castle Thunder have been called back for duty after leave of absence of 15 days ",China
" 9 8 1863  four soldiers sent from Chaffin s Farm to Castle Thunder for attempting to desert to the enemy ",China
" 9 26 1863  details of the execution of Spencer Kellogg  convicted as a spy  at Camp Lee ",China
" 10 3 1863  Gen. Winder wants to move all POWs to from Castle Thunder to the Alms House  GH 1  ",China
" 10 4 1863  Confederate Guard at Libby Prison is imprisoned in Castle Thunder for leaving his post without permission..  trading with Yankee prisoners ",China
" 10 5 1863  city wants Almshouse  GH 1  back for the poor  Winder wants Almshouse for Castle Thunder prisoners ",China
" 10 5 1863  guard at Castle Thunder shoots three other members of the City Battalion in a fight. Mentions a parade ground near Libby Prison ",China
" 10 9 1863  3 guards at Libby Prison put in Castle Thunder for trading with the prisoners ",China
" 10 27 1863  Meredith sends counterfeit CS notes to be distributed amongst the prisoners  Ould foils the plan ",China
" 11 3 1863  J. R. Anderson requests that one of his workers who is confined in Castle Thunder be returned to his employment. Apparently this man attempted to desert to the enemy ",China
" 11 10 1863  case of G. W. Alexander  Castle Thunder  for defiant contempt of the authority of the Confederate States District Court will be heard today ",China
" 11 14 1863  six Yankee prisoners in Castle Thunder take the oath of allegiance and are released ",China
" 11 25 1863  defenders of Battery  9 assault a negro and are put in Castle Thunder ",China
" 12 16 1863  man claims he was illegally detained by George W. Alexander and is released ",China
" 12 18 1863  G. W. Alexander commandant of Castle Thunder is arrested for malpractice in office ",China
" 12 16 18 1863  General Hospital  10 is ordered to be closed as hospital and used as quarters for guards at Castle Thunder. ",China
" 1 6 1864  two soldiers tried for breaking into a warehouse near Castle Thunder to steal yankee clothing. ",China
" 1 20 1864  most of escapees from building across street from Castle Thunder caught ",China
" 1 21 1864  large number of Castle Thunder prisoners will be removed to Salisbury N. C. under charge of the Ambulance Corps ",China
" 1 22 1864  the departure of Castle Thunder prisoners was put off for a day due to a railroad hitch. Notes that one of the prisoners got out of his ball and chain ",China
" 1 23 1864  Letter from Jno. L. Ligon Clerk at Castle Thunder writing on behalf of a man whom Ligon was accosted by and later shot. Ligon believes the man accosted him because the man thought that Ligon was a Yankee deserter. Ligon appeals for his immediate discharge from prison ",China
" 2 11 1864  good description of the great escape from Libby Prison. Castle Thunder mentioned. ",China
" 2 16 1864  G. W. Alexander has been acquitted by the board of inquiry that looked into his conduct at Castle Thunder ",China
" 2 20 1864  Surgeon at GH 9 writes on behalf of a convalescent soldier from Castle Thunder who claims to be guiltless of any crime and seeks a hearing in order to go home ",China
" 2 24 1864  description of the fire and explosion of the Confederate Coffee factory on Cary and 17th ",China
" 2 26 1864  robbery of a hogshead of tobacco at the factory of David C. Mayo corner 19th and Cary ",China
" 2 27 1864  list of Castle Thunder  7  and Libby Prison  8  inmates sent off by special exchange including a woman found in men s clothes on Belle Isle and a correspondent of the New York Herald ",China
" 3 1 1864  three men who were caught while attempting to go north are taken to Castle Thunder ",China
" 3 2 1864  detective killed by accident at Castle Thunder  mentions prisoners in the building across the street... ",China
" 3 9 1864  detective Cashmeyer arrested for treason on a flag of truce boat while escorting Yankee prisoner and put in Castle Thunder ",China
" 3 10 1864  more details on Detective Cashmeyer s case   he was not behaving treasonously just stupidly. ",China
" 3 14 1864  Cashemeyer was NOT released from Castle Thunder and will be court martialed ",China
" 3 17 1864  two Spotsylvania men are taken to Castle Thunder under charge of piloting Kilpatrick on the recent raid ",China
" 3 19 1864  five guards at the Arsenal are picked up while trying to get to the Yankee lines and are taken to Castle Thunder ",China
" 3 29 1864  Detective Cashmeyer has been reinstated and a Detective who was in the Penitentiary for shooting a woman has been pardoned by the Governor ",China
" 3 29 31 1864  Unionists captured by Gen. Imboden in the Shenendoah Valley are sent to Castle Thunder ",China
" 4 5 1864  Mr. Thomas W. Doswell has been appointed Asst. Provost Marshal succeeding G. W. Alexander ",China
" 4 9 1864  notes on three new soldiers confined in Castle Thunder with details of their transgressions ",China
" 4 22 1864  Dr. Mary Walker captured in the west arrives in Richmond  in male attire  and conveyed to Castle Thunder Libby having no female accommodations ",China
" 4 22 1864  a deserter confined in the soldier s home on 7th and Cary streets  probably the former Castle Lightning  leaps out of a three story window and escapes. He is recaptured and sent to Castle Thunder ",China
" 4 22 1864  Dr. Mary Walker arrives in Richmond and is taken to Castle Thunder. She is about thirty years old and quite ugly ",China
" 4 28 1864  31 Yankee deserters in Castle Thunder say they want to go back to the North and are moved to the Libby Prison ",China
" 4 28 1864  31 Yankee deserters desire to be considered prisoners of war and are taken from Castle Thunder to Libby Prison ",China
" 5 2 1864  Dr. Mary Walker s appearance in Richmond causes quite an excitement   she is taken to Gen. Winder s office then to Castle Thunder. ",China
" 5 2 1864  Mary Walker is marched from Castle Thunder to Gen. Winder s office still in male attire and creates quite a stir ",China
" 5 16 1864  The Winder Guards a unit made up of prisoners from Castle Thunder are on duty at the front ",China
" 5 17 1864  foreigners who refuse to do military duty are confined in Castle Thunder ",China
" 5 21 1864  300 prisoners in Castle Thunder from the Winder Legion will be released ",China
" 5 28 1864  The Winder Legion a unit comprised of prisoners from Castle Thunder has acquitted itself well in the field  Davis granted them amnesty and they are now seeking permanent status ",China
" 5 30 1864  AAG for Gen. Bragg inspects Libby Prison and Castle Thunder and finds them pleasing ",China
" 5 31 1864  Butler passes on a rumor that the mayor of Richmond had been confined in Castle Thunder. ",China
" 5 31 1864  Confederate deserter  4th VA Cav Co. A  found amongst the prisoners at Libby Prison and taken to Castle Thunder ",China
" 6 6 1864  inspection report for week ending 5 31 1864 of Castle Thunder and Libby Prison. ",China
" 6 13 1864  ex prisoner at Castle Thunder member of the Arsenal Battalion deserts to enemy near Bottom s Bridge ",China
" 6 16 1864  extract of letter from Dr. Mary Walker in Castle Thunder. Notes that she has a clean bed kind officers and a  named  roommate. ",China
" 6 17 1864  describes the beneficial use of tobacco warehouses as prisons and hospitals to the Confederacy ",China
" 6 17 1864  few new prisoners at Castle Thunder list of those who have been admitted recently ",China
" 6 17 1864  soldier from Cutts  artillery committed to Castle Thunder for stabbing a member of his company ",China
" 6 23 1864  Confederate deserter  former Lt. Col. of 18th TN  is found amongst Yankees at Libby Prison and taken to Castle Thunder ",China
" 6 29 1864  description of boxing match at Castle Thunder and reception of new prisoners ",China
" 6 30 1864  notes that no money is taken from the prisoners at Castle Thunder   the quartermaster keeps it for them ",China
" 7 5 1864  Richmond prisons except Castle Thunder and Belle Isle are nearly empty ",China
" 7 6 1864  notes on federal deserters in Castle Thunder  68 federal deserters moved from Castle Thunder to Libby Prison ",China
" 7 9 1864  five workmen at Tredegar are captured while attempting to escape to the Yankees and are put in Castle Thunder ",China
" 7 9 1864  five operatives at the Tredegar Iron Works are caught while attempting to go over to the Yankees and are taken to Castle Thunder ",China
" 7 15 1864  particular class of prisoner from Castle Thunder will be sent to Salisbury NC ",China
" 7 19 1864  department at Castle Thunder is reserved for depraved and abandoned women ",China
" 7 26 1864  Dr. Mary Walker is taken to Gen. Gardner s office desiring to be released ",China
" 7 26 1864  notes on Dr. Mary Walker parading the streets on the way to Gen. Gardner s office seeking a parole. Also remarks on her lack of good looks and elicit correspondence while here ",China
" 7 29 1864  Detective Boyd has been thrown in Castle Thunder for trying to bribe another detective not to mention that he had seen a prominent member of the treasury department go into a faro bank  probably R. C. Elmore  ",China
" 7 30 1864  a Castle Thunder escapee and a Yankee deserter are both committed to Castle Thunder ",China
" 8 12 1864  member of the Crenshaw battery committed to Castle Thunder for desertion robbery and attempting to shoot some one ",China
" 8 18 1864  complaint of yankee  Doran  about his lengthy imprisonment without charge. ",China
" 8 22 1864  alleged spy from the Maryland line and a free negro are committed to Castle Thunder ",China
" 8 22 1864  Maryland soldier and free negro committed to Castle Thunder the latter on charge of piloting Hunter in Amherst county and the former for being a spy ",China
" 8 26 1864  80 negro POWs taken at the Battle of the Crater are brought to Castle Thunder ",China
" 9 9 1864  Man sent to Castle Thunder for being a spy and recruiting negroes for federal service ",China
" 9 10 1864  former keeper of the Rebel House under the Exchange Hotel and a free negro escape from Castle Thunder and are recaptured ",China
" 9 19 1864  an employee of the Arsenal named Taylor along with two others are captured while going to the enemy. Taylor is placed in Castle Thunder the others released ",China
" 10 5 1864  member of 3rd S.C. knifes a patient at Stuart Hospital and sent to Castle Thunder ",China
" 10 8 1864  prisoners from Castle Thunder have been put into the Richmond defenses in front of Butler ",China
" 10 25 1864  six Irish conscripts arrested while attempting to get to Yankee lines and put in Castle Thunder ",China
" 10 25 1864  a deserter from the 28th Alabama is arrested while in Yankee uniform and put in Castle Thunder ",China
" 10 31 1864  two females who had been serving for two years under Gen. Early were found out and put in Castle Thunder  details on two other prisoners  one male slave and one white female ",China
" 10 31 1864  man attempts an escape while being taken to Castle Thunder and is shot and killed ",China
" 10 31 1864  two women masquerading as soldiers brought to Castle Thunder. They had served with General Early for two years ",China
" 10 31 1864  man shot and killed while trying to escape from the guards who were taking him to Castle Thunder ",China
" 11 1 1864  details on the killing of the soldier who tried to escape while being taken to Castle Thunder ",China
" 11 1 1864  deserter taken from Castle Thunder and shot in the presence of Fields  Division. He was from the 4th Alabama and had been recaptured in Yankee uniform ",China
" 11 5 1864  Six or seven of the Castle Thunder battalion have deserted to the enemy ",China
" 11 11 1864  detective Caphart one of the detectives attached to the Castle Thunder prison died yesterday ",China
" 11 12 1864  NC woman committed to Castle Thunder for being a suspicious character ",China
" 11 14 1864  three workers from Tredegar arrested while attempting to go over to the enemy and are put in Castle Thunder ",China
" 11 21 1864  Three people  one of whom was a Tredegar worker  arrested on Williamsburg road for attempting to go to the enemy. They said they were going to visit friends at Chaffin s Bluff ",China
" 11 21 1864  one of the street guards who checks papers was arrested and sent to Castle Thunder for letting a person escape ",China
" 12 21 1864  details on two new Castle Thunder inmates  one a Yankee deserter who is really a soldier from the 21st Miss. and the other a patient at Jackson Hospital who is charged with larceny ",China
" 1 18 1865  Union intelligence report  Colonel Fry is being held in poor conditions ",China
" 1 19 1865  Chaplain of Camp Lee and Carrington write to Sec. of War regarding conditions at Castle Thunder and Libby. ",China
" 3 3 1865  attendant at the Libby Prison hospital is caught at the theater with one of the POWs from the prison hospital. He is sent to Castle Thunder and the POW is sent back to Libby. ",China
" 3 8 1865  Ould says a list has been made of prisoners in order to determine which are prisoners of war. ",China
" 3 9 1865  report of a Confederate deserter recently a prisoner at Castle Thunder ",China
" 4 2 1865  report of guard mounted at Castle Thunder and Mayo s Bridge by 1st VA reserves ",China
" 4 6 1865  Details on the Federal occupation of Richmond   notes that the furniture in the White House of the Confederacy was left behind and that Tredegar survived the fire. Libby Prison and Castle Thunder are now full of Confederate prisoners ",China
" 4 6 1865  account of the escape of two unionists from Castle Thunder on evacuation night ",China
" 4 12 1865  account of the escape of a Castle Thunder prisoner on evacuation night and his subsequent work for the US authorities ",China
" 4 13 1865  excellent letter from Richmond describing the Federal occupation of Richmond mentions Tredegar former slaves Rocketts former rebel hospitals  Chimborazo Jackson Stuart    All patients now at Jackson Stuart Hospital is now a US Post Hospital. Dahlgren s body found and is being returned to Washington. Castle Thunder and Libby Prison are now holding Confederates. Also notes veneration of Robert E. Lee in Richmond ",China
" 4 19 1865  former Castle Thunder officials NOT confined in Libby but released on their parole ",China
" 4 20 1865  the key to Castle Thunder is in New York and will be auctioned for charity ",China
" 5 1 1865  person in the North claims to have the key to Castle Thunder but this cannot be the main key as Castle Thunder is still used as a prison ",China
" 5 1 1865  What happened to the big black dog  Hero  who used to guard Castle Thunder  ",China
" 5 4 1865  Union armies marching through Richmond are ordered to pass by Castle Thunder and Libby Prison ",China
" 5 16 1865  Isaac Carrington former CS Provost Marshal of Richmond has been put in Castle Thunder ",China
" 5 19 1865  Hero the dog formerly used as a guard dog at Castle Thunder has been shipped North ",China
" 5 20 1865  Libby Prison Now and Then  notes how Libby Prison has changed and offers a general history. Notes that Libby Prison and Castle Thunder are now run by two Captains from the 24th Mass. ",China
" 5 24 1865  The guard dog of Castle Thunder is in New York City now   a huge black  Russian blood hound.  Notes that G. W. Alexander formerly made money off him by having him fight bears. ",China
" 10 12 1865  post war account of conditions at Libby Prison Castle Godwin and other prisons during the war. ",China
" 11 3 1865  letter to Stanton names Alexander and Turner as being guilty of cruelty to prisoners. ",China
" 11 23 1865  testimony from one of Winder s policemen   Libby   Castle Thunder mentioned. ",China
" 2 1866  deposition regarding the supposed plot to kill Abraham Lincoln. Castle Thunder mentioned. ",China
" 11 23 1867   Castle Thunder in Bellum Days   gives an outstanding account of Castle Thunder prominent prisoners  including Mary Walker  and its  staff  including physical descriptions   mentions Oakwood Cemetery Castle Godwin ",China
" 1880  notes on various Richmond sights and their current condition   mentions Libby Prison Castle Godwin Castle Thunder  recently destroyed by fire  Robertson Hospital  great physical description  Drewry s Bluff and the Union Hotel  now used to train missionaries  ",China
" 1883  Burrows J. L. Recollections of Libby Prison. Mentions Mary Walker Captain Gibbs being commandant of Castle Thunder and the big dog who guarded the prison. Burrows says that this dog was a very gentle animal contrary to popular opinion. ",China
" 9 13 1883  description of prison life at Castle Thunder and Royster House  GH 20  ",China
" 3 1 1891  part four of serialized account of life in Libby. Notes that 1864 began poorly   the Confederates cut off supplies from the North in order to compel the US Government to resume exchanges  author went to Belle Isle to help distribute last batch of supplies  mentions Castle Thunder  he was glad to be in Libby rather than Belle Isle   notes on the dog slaying incident and confirms it. Further notes the presence of negroes on Belle Isle and their negative treatment by their fellow prisoners. Describes Gen. J. H. Morgan s visit to Libby and begins description of the Libby tunnel and says he was one of the diggers. ",China
" 6 30 1894  great description of Richmond for the Confederate reunion focusing on how much has changed since the war ",China
" 2 22 1895  G. W. Alexander obituary describes in great detail his early service in the Confederacy imprisonment and escape from Fort McHenry and service in Richmond ",China
" 3 3 1895  G. W. Alexander obituary excellent and lengthy description of his wartime service and Castle Thunder details with engraving of Alexander ",China
" 10 4 1900  The Fall of Richmond Part two of Hiram Peck s memoir. Describes Lincoln s visit to Richmond details of the evacuation fire the reopening of the Richmond Theater and response to Lee s surrender in Richmond. Mentions Castle Thunder detectives being locked in Libby and gives a description of Hollywood Cemetery. ",China
" 10 30 1902  letter describes the fire in Richmond threatening Libby Prison and Castle Thunder and the author broke open the door to let prisoners out. ",China
" 11 16 1905  account of a civilian s stay in Castle Thunder in 1862. Gives a good physical description of the prison and describes meeting Timothy Webster while there ",China
" no date  Union prisoner in Room No. 10 of Castle Thunder requests to be moved to Libby Prison as he considers himself a POW ",China
" Cloud palace ",China
" A cloud palace or cloud castle was an abode of cloud giants kept floating on a single large cloud by magic. 1  2  ",China
" Contents ",China
" A cloud palace was like any other cloud giant castle only it was constructed upon a magical solid cloud. 1  In addition to the castle structure itself the island of cloud upon which it was built was said to contain giant sized gardens with luscious fruit trees. 3  ",China
" Cloud giants could not steer or control where a cloud palace went  they relied on the blowing of the wind and would dock their palace at various mountain peaks whenever they drifted to such points. 1  ",China
" The construction of a cloud palace was an especially complicated endeavor which was exhausting to all those involved. To begin it required at least twelve cloud giants working together and using their inherent control over clouds and fog to gather a massive cloud centered over a single runecaster. This waiting runecaster performed a ten hour ritual involving a rune inscribed pebble contained in a small leather pouch. If he or she was successful the mass of cloud solidified and the other runecasters forced the cloud into the sky again. 1  ",China
" After this the lead runecaster had to take the leather bag with the runestone and hide it somewhere in the middle of the cloud. Tampering with the sack or the pebble it contained could cause the cloud to crash. 1  ",China
" The rune required for the creation of a cloud palace was the most complicated rune ever discovered by any of the giants and took more than a year to properly inscribe. 1  ",China
" Only after the cloud was solidified could construction of the palace itself begin which was no different than the construction of any castle or palace on the ground. 1  ",China
" The first cloud palace on Toril was created by the giant god Stronmaus as a small duplicate of his own realm of Stormhold. The father of the cloud giants Nicias won this palace in a bet with Stronmaus but the palace eventually crashed somewhere in the region of Anauroch. 1  ",China
" Many years later runecasters were able to duplicate the magic that had kept the palace afloat. 1  ",China
" Early in the history of the Vast before human rule a flying cloud castle was defeated in some magical battle. It crashed in the area near the later site of Thindilar and tumbled across the ground steadily obliterated as it went causing ground tremors and leaving a trail of destruction. Debris bits of dead cloud giant and giant treasures were left scattered across the countryside. Dwarves looted much of the treasure reworking them into their own artworks. 2  ",China
" It was rare for cloud giants to live on cloud palaces  most lived atop high mountains. 3  A notable cloud palace was often docked at the storm giant aerie located atop an exceptionally tall mountain in the center of Lake Woe. 4  ",China
" Stronmaus himself inhabited a fantastic cloud palace which was moored to Annam All Father s steading at Gudheim. The palace contained a massive pool with healing properties. 5  ",China
" The Plain of Standing Stones the central region of Anauroch contained the ruins of a storm giant cloud palace called the Shattered Tower. 6  Whether this palace was the original cloud palace of Nicias was not known. 1  ",China
" Seemingly cloud palaces became more common by the late 15th century DR. The cloud giant countess Sansuri resided in a cloud palace named Lyn Armaal. 7  Likewise the wizard Zephyros lived in a floating tower. 8  ",China
" Monday February 2 2009 ",China
" In the tropics we often have thunderstorms. They do not last very long perhaps for an hour  but they can cause havoc during that short time. ",China
" One evening at about 6 o clock I was sitting in front of my house just relaxing and doing nothing in particular. There were some white clouds blocking the blue sky. There was no hint of rain. It was just a pleasant warm evening which was very normal. ",China
" Then I heard a distant rumble of thunder. It was so faint that I thought I might have imagined it. Gradually the rumbling became more distinct. I looked towards the sky and still could not see any hint of rain. White clouds still dominate the sky. ",China
" The rumbling grew louder and louder. Very quickly the eastern sky turned black. The speed at which the black clouds appeared astonished me. In a few minutes I could feel cool wind blowing from the blackened sky. In another few minutes the whole sky was engulfed by black swirling clouds. The wind increased in intensity. I could see the trees bent precariously to one side as though they were going to fall over or get blown away like feathers. ",China
" Suddenly I heard a very loud roar above the rumbling of thunder and the howling of wind. The roar became louder and louder. It sounded like a gigantic train approaching though it certainly was not one. The sound was quite unsettling. I looked in the direction of the roar and saw a white curtain of approaching rain. ",China
" Next second it was upon us. The corrugated iron roof of my house rattled shakily as the pouring rain crashed down upon it. I ran into the house. The storm was in full swing. ",China
" Flashes of lightning lit up the darkened sky followed by cracks of thunder as though in reply. Some flashes of lightning came dangerously close to our house. The following cracks of thunder were immediate and deafening. I saw my father utter a silent prayer. My kid sister had her palms against her ears while safely enclosed in my mother s arms. ",China
" The fury of the storm was incredible. I looked out the window to see a white blur of rain that cut visibility to a few feet. The rain came down at a large angle driven on by the wind. The noise of rain on the roof was so loud that we could not even hear ourselves talk. All we could do was to stay in the house and wait for the storm to blow over. We also hoped that lightning would not strike us and the wind would not blow the roof away. ",China
" The storm raged for about an hour while we waited. Then as suddenly as it came the storm rained itself out. Clear blue skies appeared and soon the black clouds disappeared. The rain got less and stopped. The wind stopped blowing. ",China
" I stepped out onto the cool wet grass to breathe in the cool air. It was quite an exhilarating feeling to do this immediately after a thunderstorm. Everything felt so fresh and clean. It was as though the storm had just given the earth a thorough cleaning. Come to think of it it just might have done that. ",China
" After checking my house and finding no serious damage I took a walk around the neighborhood to see what damage the storm had done to the trees and other houses. I was sure I could see plenty of this. ",China
" Relax Rain   Rain sounds  sleep and meditation ",China
" Enjoy this app for free plus many more free of ads and in app purchases with a Google Play Pass subscription. Try free for 1 month. ",China
" The largest collection of relaxing rain for Android. Over 50 rain sounds  free and HD  mixable with thunders and music in order to reach a state of complete relaxation. ",China
" Ideal for sleeping power nap meditation concentration or if you have tinnitus problems  ringing in the ears . ",China
" You can adjust the volume of rain thunder and music individually to find the ideal combination and so encourage a deep relaxation of the mind. ",China
" You can keep the app in the background in conjunction with other apps  for listening your favorite music play games or browse the internet . ",China
" It is also possible to set a timer and turn off the screen. At the end of the set time the sound fades gently and the app closes by itself so you do not have to worry about close it if you fall asleep. ",China
" The rain sounds and relaxing music have beneficial effects on the body and soothing the mind because by covering the external environment noise promote relaxation and help in different occasions  for better sleep to concentrate in work study or reading for meditation etc. ",China
" Relax your mind remove the stress and find your inner peace. Go into your oasis of calm. ",China
"     Main features     ",China
"   45  perfectly looped rain sounds  free and HD    6 thunder and 6 music mixable with the rain sounds   Individual volume adjustment for rain thunders and music   Ability to use the app along with other apps   Timer for self closing the app   Audio pause on incoming call   No streaming is required for playback  no data connection required    No audible loop thanks to redesigned audio engine ",China
"     List of rain sounds       Morning rain   Rain on leaves   Bungalow in the rainforest   Tent in the rain   Rainy day   Strong thunderstorm   Rain in the forest   Inside the farmhouse   Under the tree   Rain on window   Rain on the street   Tropical storm   Thunder and music   Rain in the park   Wind and rain   Rain in the city   Lodge in the rainforest   Thunderstorm   Thunderstorm in the countryside   Rainy night with crickets   Puddles in the country   Hailstorm   Distant storm   Rain in the backyard   Light rain at night   Rain on the tin roof   Light rain in the backyard   Tent in the thunderstorm   Rain on the car roof   Under the umbrella   Light rain on the windshield   Inside the car   Inside the motorhome   Rain on the skylight   Heavy rain on the windshield   Rain in the gutter   Dripping water   Downpour in the rural area   Wind chimes   Rain in the jungle   Light rain in the avenue   Traffic on the wet road   Drizzle in the woods   Howling wind in the field   Hurricane ",China
"     Benefits for sleep     ",China
" Have you trouble falling asleep  This app helps you to sleep well by blocking the external noises. Now you fall asleep faster and sleep better. Say goodbye to your insomnia  Enhance Your Life  ",China
"     Benefits for the mind     ",China
" The sounds of nature relieve the stress of modern life. The human mind reacts positively when it hears the sounds of nature because they arouse emotions that remind our primordial environment. Hear the sounds of nature leads us away from the noise and daily stress to make us return to the calm of our origins. ",China
"     Usage notes     ",China
" For a better experience I recommend you the use of headphones or earphones to listen the relaxing sounds. You can use the app in background and with other apps. ",China
" By purchasing this item you are transacting with Google Payments and agreeing to the Google Payments Terms of Service and Privacy Notice. ",China
" Disney Castle Thunder ",China
" This is a Disney sound effect that has not yet been released on any current commercial or professional sound effects libraries. ",China
" Info ",China
" Owner  RKO Radio Pictures  1936 1941  The Walt Disney Company  1941 Mid 1980s  ",China
" Origin  United States ",China
" Year debut  November 20 1936 ",China
" First heard  Winterset  an RKO Radio Pictures film  ",China
" Area used  Worldwide ",China
" The sound effect originates from RKO Radio Pictures s sound library and debuted in the crime film Winterset on November 20 1936. It was soon picked up  and heavily used  by Walt Disney Productions starting around 1941 up to the mid 1980s. Filmation s shows in the 1970s and early 1980s often used it as their main thunder effect as well. It uses some elements of Sound Ideas THUNDER   THUNDER CLAP AND RUMBLE WEATHER 01  H B   also an RKO Disney sound effect  from the Hanna Barbera Sound Effects Library which was made by Sound Ideas. ",China
" Clean Full Length and Unedited Link to the Sound Effect ",China
" Movies ",China
" The Brave Little Toaster  1987   First heard at the very instant Toaster s nightmare ends and then several times through the storm sequence.  ",China
" The Fox and the Hound  1981   Played as Widow Tweed was seen driving back to her house from after leaving Tod in the woods.  ",China
" Lady and the Tramp  1955   Heard three times. First when The Rat eyes at Lady while it crawls its way to the baby s room Second when the Rat faces Tramp before the fight and third right as The Rat climbs onto Jim Jr. s crib.  ",China
" Mary Poppins  1964   Heard as a bolt of lightning as it begins to pour after the song Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.  ",China
" 101 Dalmatians  1961   Heard twice when Cruella De Vil arrives at the Radcliffe s during the stormy night when the puppies are born and again when Pongo angrily barks at Cruella as she drives off.  ",China
" Peter Pan  1953   used as a big explosion right when Captain Hook s bomb explodes.  ",China
" Shorts ",China
" Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day  1968   Played four times. First right at the very beginning of the rain storm Second during the end of the song Heffalumps and Woozles Third right when Pooh wakes up from his dream Last when the viewers see the Hundred Acre Wood raining on Page 71 of the book.  ",China
" WATCH Dramatic lightning and thunder as  intense  storm hits Norfolk ",China
" Published  7 42 AM July 26 2019 Updated  11 53 AM October 10 2020 ",China
" Thunderstorm captured over Hellesdon. Photo  Lisa Jones   Credit  Archant ",China
" An electrical storm bringing rain thunder and lightning ended the day s heat with a bang as it swept into Norfolk. ",China
" Laugh in the Park in Chapelfield Gardens has been shut down due to an electrical storm. Photo  James Randle   Credit  Archant ",China
" Residents reported seeing dramatic bursts of lightning and cracks of thunder overhead on Thursday just hours after it was confirmed as the hottest day ever recorded in the county. ",China
" A Norwich comedy festival was called off due to the storm when comedy fans at Laugh in the Park 2019 in Chapelfield Gardens were forced to vacate the annual stand up comedy festival s tent after just two acts. ",China
" Attendees at the gig featuring headline act Chris Ramsey were asked to gather outside to wait out the storm. ",China
" Lightning over the University of East Anglia during a thunderstorm on Thursday July 25. Picture  Neil Hall   Credit  Neil Hall ",China
" Comedian Chris Ramsey confirmed the gig had been called off due to the weather. ",China
" You may also want to watch  ",China
" Generators at a Norwich hospital were in use after a short power outage hit the building during the storm with staff ensuring machines had enough battery. ",China
" A spokesperson for the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital  NNUH  said  We believe there was a brief power cut and the generators did come on as normal. ",China
" A thunder and lightning storm hit Norfolk this evening. Photo  Georgie Futter   Credit  Archant ",China
" They added that systems were back up and running shortly after the interruption. ",China
" The county s fire service also attended a number of incidents related to the storm including a fire at a building in West Beckham at 11.36pm. ",China
" Appliances from Cromer and Sheringham were called to the scene on Mill Road which was caused by an electrical fault due to the storm. ",China
" This has to be one of the best storms I ve ever seen in the UK   more akin to the type we chase in the U.S. Plains      ",China
" And crews from Earlham Hethersett and Reepham attended a building fire on Ipswich Road after a lightning strike at 10.34pm but firefighters did not provide any services. ",China
" Meteorologist and storm chaser Dan Holley said  I went for a 90 minute storm chase in and around Norwich to get right underneath the storm. ",China
" The frequency of lightning was up there as potentially one of the best I ve ever seen in the UK and much more akin to the types of storms you find in the plains in the US. ",China
" Lightning over Happisburgh lighthouse. Photo  Dave Baker   Credit  Archant ",China
" Mr Holley who works at Norwich based forecaster Weatherquest added  Thunderstorms feed on warm moist air which we ve had plenty of over the region during the last couple of days. ",China
" But you also need a lifting mechanism to create thunderstorms and release all the instability. ",China
" High pressure has meant much of Wednesday and Thursday was dry hot and sunny but this is weakening now allowing low pressure over the Atlantic to release all the energy built up over the past couple of days into these intense thunderstorms. ",China
" One of the rare side effects of these storms tonight is something called heat bursts where air descending out from the thunderstorm heats up rapidly creating a sudden spike in temperature and accompanied by strong gusts of wind. ",China
" The East Anglian region including Norfolk Suffolk Essex and adjacent parts of the North Sea saw 21000 lightning strikes during the storm. ",China
" The figure which includes lightning that doesn t touch the ground   or intra cloud lightning   is detected using sensors dotted across Europe. ",China
" Lightning over Cringleford School. Photo  Lisa Mac   Credit  Archant ",China
" Mr Holley added  They each detect the lightning as a distance away from the sensor and then provided you have at least three sensors that detect the same strike you can triangulate and work out where it occurred. ",China
" The region was also affected by dozens of power cuts in the hours following the storm with locations near Holt Briston Little Snoring Baconsthorpe Toftrees Hockering Taverham Norwich Postwick and Hellington still suffering power outages at gone midnight on Friday July 26. ",China
" Lightning over Norwich Cathedral at 10.30pm. Photo  James McConnell   Credit  Archant ",China
" Lightning over the Sainsbury Centre at the University of East Anglia during a thunderstorm on Thursday July 25. Picture  Neil Hall   Credit  Neil Hall ",China
" Lightning in the storm yesterday. Photo  Amy Kibby   Credit  Amy Kibby ",China
" A dramatic photo of lightning during the storm. Photo  Brad Damms   Credit  Brad Damms ",China
" Lightning in the storm yesterday. Photo  Amy Kibby   Credit  Amy Kibby ",China
" Lightning over Attleborough train station. Picture Liam Ayers.   Credit  Archant ",China
" Lightning over Attleborough train station. Picture Liam Ayers.   Credit  Archant ",China
" Become a Supporter ",China
" This newspaper has been a central part of community life for many years. Our industry faces testing times which is why we re asking for your support. Every contribution will help us continue to produce local journalism that makes a measurable difference to our community. ",China
" Elvaston Castle Country Park ",China
" Elvaston Castle Country Park has approximately 321 acres of open parkland woodland and more formal historical gardens. ",China
" During the national lockdown please stay local to your nearest green spaces and follow government guidelines on non essential travel. ",China
" For essential daily exercise outdoors our car park and paths are open for those who live locally. ",China
" Due to the ground conditions and increased number of visitors this year our lawns are now in poor condition and like our paths are wet and muddy underfoot. Please take extra care and keep to surfaced footpaths where possible maintaining government social distancing guidelines. ",China
" Park information ",China
" Located in Derbyshire near to Derby and Nottingham Elvaston Castle Country Park encompasses approximately 321 acres of open parkland woodland and more formal historical gardens. It s also the venue for our popular woodland festival. ",China
" At the heart of the estate lies Elvaston Castle a gothic revival masterpiece  not open to the public  designed by James Wyatt in the early 1800s based on the original house dating back to 1633. ",China
" Wyatt s design built for the third Earl of Harrington became home to the Stanhope family until the estate was sold by the then Earl of Harrington to a quarrying company in 1968. In 1969 the then Derby Corporation purchased the estate from the company and in 1970 the estate was opened as one of the first country parks in England. Today both the buildings and gardens are registered  Grade 2 and Grade 2   as being of special architectural and historical interest. ",China
" Within the estate structures such as the recently renovated golden gates Moorish temple and ha ha wall provide a fascinating glimpse of the past. ",China
" The gardens are locally renowned for their rockwork structures and fine examples of topiary originally introduced and designed by William Barron in the 19th century. ",China
" Whatever the season there s always lots to see and do in and around the park   walking cycling horse riding bird watching picnicking kite flying photography exploring the park and nature reserve and much more. ",China
" Elvaston master plan ",China
" We ve developed a master plan for Elvaston to restore and regenerate the historic castle and county park. ",China
" The proposals are intended to ensure a sustainable future for the estate attracting more visitors increasing income to help with the high running costs and protecting the heritage of the site. ",China
" Pay and display machines ",China
" There are 5 pay and display machines in the public car park off Borrowash Road  ",China
" Three accept coin card and contactless payments  ",China
" on entry next to the public toilets and eagle sculpture ",China
" next to the children s play area ",China
" next to the site information board  at the entry point to the lakeside walk near the ice cream van  ",China
" Two accept card only  ",China
" on entry to the showground ",China
" next to the coach and horse box parking area ",China
" Season tickets ",China
" A single season ticket can be registered to 2 vehicles and costs  80 for the year. This allows you to visit any of our listed countryside sites using either car  but not both at the same time  providing it s clearly displayed on your dashboard. ",China
" If you would like to purchase a pass or change or add a vehicle to your existing pass please visit us at the Rangers Office opposite the Information Centre and Shop from 9am to 4pm Monday to Friday with cash or a cheque. ",China
" If you would like to pay by card please visit during shop opening hours  ",China
" November to March   10am to midday and 1pm to 3pm ",China
" April to September   11am to 1pm and 2pm to 4pm ",China
" Open every day during school holidays Friday to Monday during term time. Season tickets can also be purchased at the other Derbyshire countryside sites. ",China
" We d strongly advise against parking in the main public car park without your pass on display. We can arrange for alternative parking while your pass is being amended or reissued. ",China
" Ground conditions ",China
" Elvaston Castle Country Park is low lying and after periods of rain can be muddy underfoot. Please take extra care at such times. ",China
" Opening times ",China
" The park is open all year round. Opening times are  ",China
" 9am to 5pm from October to March ",China
" 9am to 8pm from April to September ",China
" Elvaston Castle and Country Park Borrowash Road  A6120  Elvaston Derby Derbyshire DE72 3EP ",China
" Tel  01629 533870 ",China
" Getting to Elvaston ",China
" The estate entrance and only car park for visitors arriving in vehicles is off Borrowash Road between Borrowash Village and Thulston. Just follow the brown tourist signs from either direction and they ll direct you right to us. ",China
" Some sat navs direct vehicles off the A6 Derby bypass into Elvaston Castle Country Park via a slip road to Bridlegate Lane Alvaston. There s no access to the park via this route  nor turning room along its length should you commit to it . The lane is clearly marked off the by pass with a  dead end  highways sign. ",China
" Your sat nav may direct you into the estate by a sealed bridle path off Borrowash Road which also leads to Elvaston Cricket Club s grounds. This access route is for authorised vehicles only with no visitor parking permitted. ",China
" Please see the Elvaston park location leaflet attached to this page. ",China
" Public transport ",China
" There are no bus services that stop directly outside the main entrance to the park. You can find out the most suitable bus and rail services from  ",China
" Site maps ",China
" Information panels which include site maps are located  ",China
" within the main car park  one close to the lakeside path entrance and another on the exterior wall of the public toilets block  ",China
" underneath the arch within the central courtyards ",China
" within the information centre and shop ",China
" in the castle entrance corridor ",China
" at the end of South Avenue opposite the bus stop ",China
" at the entrance to the park via Alvaston Lane and footbridge ",China
" A site map is attached to this page. Or pick up a free site leaflet and map from our information centre and shop. ",China
" Also on our website ",China
" I found what I wantedIt s hard to understandIt s out of dateIt s incorrectI don t know what to do next ",China
" Quest Story  Everything is coming together so wonderfully  Kevin agreed to step up and take over in my absence. Kate is prepping to return to her island and I m joining her for a short vacation  So exciting right  Before we set sail I m throwing a small bash to celebrate my amazing cousin. Will you join us  ",China
" Farmville Coastal Countryside Chapter 8 The Tropical Thunder Night Quest runs Mon 19th October 2020 to Mon 26th October 2020. Please Share ... ",China
" These quests are repeatable... ",China
" Note  These quests are specific to the Coastal Countryside Farm and hence before placing any quest animals on other farms make sure that the quest icon shows up on the other farm too else their harvests might not count... ",China
" THE TROPICAL THUNDER NIGHT  PART 1  I want to invite all the guests staying at the resort to the bash as well. Let s send word out to everyone. Except Kate that is  ",China
" Other Rewards  3000 Coins 150 XP 430 Coastal Points Share Reward  ",China
" Crop Alternative  None.. ",China
" Quest Tips  ",China
" We re so grateful for your help  ",China
" THE TROPICAL THUNDER NIGHT  PART 2  Emma has been suspiciously busy today. I wonder what s going on  I hope she isn t reconsidering her decision to join me for a vacation. ",China
" Other Rewards  3500 Coins 200 XP 440 Coastal Points Share Reward  ",China
" Crop Alternative  None.. ",China
" Quest Tips  ",China
" You re so good at this  ",China
" THE TROPICAL THUNDER NIGHT  PART 3  Great  Everyone s been asked to gather at the Moonshine Beach during sunset. I just need to keep Kate busy so that we can decorate the beach. ",China
" Other Rewards  4000 Coins 250 XP 450 Coastal Points Share Reward  ",China
" Crop Alternative  None.. ",China
" Quest Tips  ",China
" Amazing work  ",China
" THE TROPICAL THUNDER NIGHT  PART 4  Another day another hike to the back of the island  Emma has asked me to gather a special herb for her facial serum. ",China
" Other Rewards  4500 Coins 300 XP 460 Coastal Points Share Reward  ",China
" Crop Alternative  None.. ",China
" Quest Tips  ",China
" You re a lifesaver  ",China
" THE TROPICAL THUNDER NIGHT  PART 5  Perfect  Everything is ready. Kate will be here any minute now. I hope she likes the surprise  ",China
" Other Rewards  5000 Coins 350 XP 470 Coastal Points Share Reward  ",China
" Crop Alternative  None.. ",China
" Quest Tips  ",China
" Thank you for all your help  ",China
" THE TROPICAL THUNDER NIGHT  PART 6  Oh my god Emma  Is this a surprise party for me  I love you so much cuz  We ll have so much fun  ",China
" Five scenic walks within easy reach of Huddersfield ",China
" Get the latest Huddersfield news and updates delivered straight to your inbox   sign up for free email updates ",China
" Subscribe ",China
" When you subscribe we will use the information you provide to send you these newsletters. Sometimes they ll include recommendations for other related newsletters or services we offer. OurPrivacy Noticeexplains more about how we use your data and your rights. You can unsubscribe at any time. ",China
" Invalid EmailSomething went wrong please try again later. ",China
" There s still time to enjoy the great outdoors before the schools go back and the nights close in for autumn. ",China
" So why not get out over the Bank Holiday weekend and bask in the glorious West Yorkshire countryside on a free family day out at one of the area s most scenic spots. ",China
" We ve pinpointed five spectacular places to walk picnic and take in the landscape. All are within half an hour of Huddersfield town centre and some can be easily reached using public transport. The walks take in woodland water and heritage trails. ",China
" 1 Honley Woods. ",China
" Try a 2.5 mile wander through this White Rose Forest  a partnership between five local authorities in West Yorkshire and public and voluntary organisations  one of the county s largest remaining ancient semi natural woodland areas. Park in Honley which is a 15 minute walk away and enter the woods at Hassocks Lane  or off Knowle Lane if approaching from Meltham Road  and follow the circular path around meadows and ponds through woodland and open ground. There are prehistoric archaeological features   cairns earthworks and burial sites   concealed in the undergrowth. ",China
" 2 Digley Reservoir. ",China
" The Yorkshire Water reservoir to the south west of Holmfirth is one of six in the region open to walkers and offers a 4.9 mile route along lanes fields and across open moorland. It can be accessed from the Digley Quarry car park to the north. This walk is rated as unsuitable for very young children and the infirm but offers peace and tranquility and plenty of places to put out a picnic mat. It s a good one for blowing the cobwebs away. YWA has just installed two new dog waste bins so that owners can keep the site clean for all walkers. ",China
" 3 Emley Circular Trail. ",China
" This 6 mile trail around the fringes of Emley takes in both countryside and heritage sites including mining relics and an old packhorse bridge. It starts at the post office in the village centre where there is a small car park and takes in the sort of rolling countryside that would please a hobbit. For a detailed route description and historic details of what to see visit kirklees.gov.uk leisure. No need to take a picnic as Denby Dale has plenty of pubs and cafes to feed the weary traveller. ",China
" 4 The Pen Den Trail. ",China
" This 5 mile linear scenic walk links the railway stations at Penistone and Denby Dale so ramblers can use the rail network to return to their point of origin. It takes in part of the Trans Pennine Trail and is clearly signposted. Directions start at Penistone and take walkers to Thurlstone Ingbirchworth and Upper Denby before reaching Denby Dale. There are paths bridleways and stiles to navigate and stout shoes are recommended so it s not one for very young children. Once again kirklees.gov.uk leisure has a detailed guide. ",China
" 5 Blackmoorfoot Reservoir. ",China
" An easy flat walk of just over one mile suitable for all ages and with easy access for buggies and wheelchairs. Yorkshire Water advises parking on the roadside at Reservoir Road. The reservoir is between Meltham and Slaithwaite and affords wonderful views over the Colne Valley. There are open moors on one side and woodland on the other with picnic benches on site. ",China
" Fury as plans to build 150 new homes in two historic Durham villages to fund refurbishment of nearby 14th century Raby Castle are approved by council ",China
" They are set for Gainford and Staindrop in Durham to pay for work at Raby Castle ",China
" Durham County Council has approved the houses despite 51 letters of objection ",China
" On top of homes there will be a car park cafe visitor centre and castle updates ",China
" As many as 151 houses will be built across two villages to raise  3million to refurbish a 14th Century castle. ",China
" The homes are set for Gainford and Staindrop in County Durham to pay for the works at Raby Castle. ",China
" Durham County Council approved the plans despite 51 letters of objection over the impact of so many new builds in the small area. ",China
" As well as the houses there will be a car park cafe and visitor centre and updates to the castle s walled gardens and riding school. ",China
" The 79 houses in Gainsford plus the 72 in Staindrop are expected to make  3million for the refurishments. ",China
" As many as 151 houses will be built across two villages to raise  3million to refurbish a 14th Century castle  pictured  ",China
" The homes are set for Gainford and Staindrop  pictured  in County Durham to pay for the works at Raby Castle ",China
" Chief executive at Raby Estates Duncan Peake told the BBC   These are hugely important developments both for the regional economy and for the historic fabric. ",China
"  But they can only be achieved through  enabling developments  in Gainford and Staindrop.  ",China
" In the applicant statement of the planning request it added   Across the three linked planning applications for housing development at Gainford and Staindrop and tourism development at Raby Castle Park and Gardens the consistent theme is the need to complete urgent repair works at Gainford Hall and the nearby Dovecote removing them from the Heritage At Risk register and the further significant heritage benefits arising from the repurposing of vacant and underutilised heritage assets at RCPG. ",China
"  Alongside the heritage benefits the proposals at RCPG also accrue significant economic benefits through the increase in visitor numbers spend and dwell time in the County.  ",China
" Durham County Council approved the plans despite 51 letters of objection over the impact of so many new builds in the small area ",China
" Raby Castle was built in 1390 by John Neville a lord and soldier who was also made a Knight of the Garter. ",China
" Cecily Neville was born at the castle and went on to mother Edward IV and Richard III. ",China
" The castle was a base for the failed Rising of the North in the 1500s where northern noblemen backed Mary Queen of Scots and tried to overthrow Elizabeth I. ",China
" Locals were concerned to hear about the huge housing estates with some questioning the impact it would have on the area. ",China
" Staindrop Parish Council said   Staindrop Parish Council has considered this application and objects to it in view of the development s divergence from numerous Development Plan policies and the Parish Council s doubts about the legality of the enabling development aspect.  ",China
" RELATED ARTICLES ",China
" Share this article ",China
" Share ",China
" Jill Smith who lives near the Staindrop site said   After viewing the application online imagine my surprise to learn that a development of this magnitude is to be decided by the Delegated Powers. ",China
"  This development is going to have a huge impact on the character and appearance of the wider area highway safety flooding countryside wildlife and protected species and water quality.  ",China
" Luke Tallentire commented   Its grossly out of proportion with the village and excessively over sized. ",China
"  They re also designed like miners bungalows and don t fit in   they ll drag the surrounding house prices down. ",China
"  It s likely the only reason these houses will be passed is because of who is putting the planning application in   rather what it actually is.  ",China
" Jill Risbey said   I would like to state my objection to the above development. ",China
"  I feel the historical and beautiful village will be spoiled with the large housing estate and I also feel that the village is not able to sustain the increase to the schools traffic in what is already a very busy road which causes significant problems with parking especially during school pick up and drop off. ",China
" A map shows the area where the Staindrop site will be located on the outskirts of the town ",China
"  Not only that the field is a flood plain. I hope that Durham County council gives consideration to preserving our beautiful village over financial gain.  ",China
" Sarah Waite wrote to the council   I have concerns regarding the increase in traffic along Winston Road. ",China
"  The road is already a concern as there is not sufficient resident parking for existing properties as it stands. ",China
"  This causes pinch points especially around the entrance to Winston Court where the traffic can only pass through in one direction. ",China
"  With heavy vehicles from Dickinsons transport local farmers and public transport the additional demand would cause more congestion increasing risk to local residents and their vehicles.  ",China
" Craig Sams added   The design clearly lends itself to rapid expansion into adjoining fields. ",China
"  This is concerning that such as large development is paving the way to being much much larger.  ",China
" He added   I m very sure our village community does not want the potential for large over development to become a reality.  ",China
" Share or comment on this article  ",China
" Fury as plans for 150 homes in two Durham villages to fund refurb of Raby Castle are approved ",China
" Pages ",China
" Tuesday 20 March 2012 ",China
" In Which I Storm a Castle ",China
" In the town of Svetvincenat  St. Vincent  a history buff finds fresh fodder for a ripe imagination. The lovely town square is bordered by its Renaissance church Venetian bell tower and administrative loggia all dating from the 16th century. A tiny chapel built in the 14th century is decorated with valuable frescoes. The town well dominates the central area of the square. It is first mentioned in ancient texts from 965 AD so its roots evidently reach deep into history itself. The town is situated in the midst of pastoral greenery   olive groves vineyards small farms and livestock producers live in the surrounding countryside. Approximately 100 varieties of mushrooms also make Svetvincenat their home. The piece de resistance is the 15th century castle which dominates one side of the square. It boasts several towers   two round one square. Formerly luxurious living quarters overlook the square in regal austerity. The castle door used to be approached over a drawbridge   in modern times one walks over a much less romantic dry ground approach. Intrigued we walked around the entire castle s perimeter. Wherever there were tiny apertures I peered longingly at the interior. Several times I expressed my wish to enter and was feeling rather dejected that the gates were shutting me out. I wanted to explore this fascinating edifice  This castle was the center of a politically intriguing and varied history. Changing hands often between the various powers that be it played an important role over the years. The stories it could tell include Templar Knights monks and ancient abbeys. It may even have been silent witness to the torture and stake death of a young woman accused of witchcraft  Built earlier there is an inscription over the door labeling 1485 as its  official  origin. It is named after the Grimani family 2 sons of which married the daughters of the previous lord who had died without male heirs  the Grimani boys are credited with reconstructing its walls after the castle was damaged in the 1500s. When we had walked its full extent my brother in law was amazed to note that the gates were now open  We wandered inside and saw a crew busy at work on a major restoration project. Not knowing whether we were allowed in or not we stormed the gates boldly and entered without a shot being fired  The crew kept to their tasks apparently unalarmed at the Canadian invasion. It was easy to imagine the servants scurrying about within those massive walls and visualize stiff ballgowns cannon fire and political intrigue in secret passageways  In close proximity to the past I found myself once again thinking of the variety of human dramas that those ancient stones have participated in over the centuries. Not wanting to disrupt the crew s labors we took a cursory look at the work in progress and at the views within the walls. We slipped furtively to our car unnoticed our mission accomplished. I melted into the evening shadows reflecting that it is a lot easier  and a lot more fun  to storm a castle than I had imagined  ",China
" Call to stop the damage as crowds flock to Shropshire s countryside ",China
" The county s countryside is being damaged in increasing incidents of irresponsible behaviour as people flock to enjoy the area Shropshire Council has said. ",China
" Subscribe to our daily newsletter  ",China
" Sign Up ",China
" The authority is now calling for visitors to the countryside to be respectful so it can be protected for everyone to enjoy. ",China
" Throughout 2020 Shropshire s countryside has been a lifeline to many throughout lockdown. In July 2020 more than 35000 people visited The Mere in Ellesmere compared to 20000 in July 2019. ",China
" To help protect Shropshire s countryside people are being urged to behave respectfully by following local coronavirus rules and the Countryside Code. ",China
" Lezley Picton Shropshire Council s cabinet member for culture leisure waste and communications said  We re blessed in Shropshire to have such beautiful countryside on our doorstep and it has been a real lifeline to residents of the county throughout 2020. ",China
" As such it s important that we all do our part to protect it and the best way we can do this is by behaving respectfully. On the whole we re pleased that people are but there are instances of some shamelessly disrespecting the countryside causing damage and concern for local communities. ",China
" This is why we are launching this campaign to encourage everyone to be respectful when visiting the countryside whether you re a Shropshire resident or visitor to the county. I would urge anyone visiting rural Shropshire to check the Countryside Code become familiar with local coronavirus rules and plan your visit. ",China
" Anyone wishing to help share the message can do so by sharing the graphics that we will make available shortly.  ",China
" The Countryside Code includes guidance such as remembering there are local communities living in rural areas and to make sure vehicles are not parked in front of drives and gateways. It also advises to plan ahead and make sure gates and properties are left as they are found to protect livestock. ",China
" Heather Kidd Shropshire Councillor for Chirbury and Worthen said  I am keen to share our beautiful area but farmers  livelihoods and local residents  enjoyment are also important. Visitors to the countryside just need to be sensitive to country life and follow the Countryside Code.  ",China
" Ruth Houghton Shropshire Councillor for Bishop s Castle added  Our local economy relies on tourism and as such visitors are made to feel very welcome in our area and we really hope that they enjoy our stunning countryside and outdoor activities. All we ask is that anyone visiting south Shropshire follows the Countryside Code and leaves it as they find it for others to enjoy.  ",China
" TRIP PLANNER ",China
" Current Trip ",China
" HAVE A LOOK ",China
" HOW CAN WE HELP  ",China
" Would you like to be kept up to date with occasional news from NewcastleGateshead via email  ",China
" Newcastle Castle ",China
" The North East and the rest of the UK are under national lockdown restrictions. Non essential retail hospitality and entertainment venues are now closed as well as most accommodation businesses and visitor attractions. Stay home. Stay safe. Travel tomorrow. Check directly with businesses if you have essential travel needs. ",China
" We re  Good to Go  ",China
" The measures we have put in place  ",China
" All staff have received relevant health and safety training. They have all been issued with face visors and gloves. ",China
" Staff clean all high touch surface areas at regular intervals thoughout the day at the beginning of the day before we open and at the end of the day after we have closed. ",China
" The limiting of visitor numbers throughout the day and the introduction of a one way route means you can easily keep your distance from others. ",China
" Installed numerous touchless hand sanitisation points around the site. ",China
" Reduced open hours and timed visitor slots to ensure social distancing. ",China
" How you can help when visiting us  ",China
" If you are showing any symptoms then do not enter the Castle. ",China
" Created a one way system for you to explore discover and enjoy safely. ",China
" Tickets must be purchased online. All transactions will be via card payments and preferably contactless. Not accepting cash for now. ",China
" Keep at least one metre but preferably two metres away from other guests. ",China
" Use the hand sanitiser dispensers at every opportunity. ",China
" Newcastle Castle is a must visit attraction in Newcastle Upon Tyne which not only explores the rich history of the city but also offers incredible views from its rooftop. There is much to discover about Newcastle Castle from which the city gained its name many centuries ago. ",China
" The Newcastle Black Gate and Castle Keep have been subject to a vast amount of research over the last couple of years which has revealed a colourful and grim history. The uncovered stories include prisoners being hung drawn and quartered to an unusual tale of a youngster being killed by a flying donkey. ",China
" The Keep currently stands as one of the UK s finest medieval stone castle dungeons which is still open to the public. Visitors to the iconic castle will enjoy picturesque views alongside in depth history displays covering the backgrounds of castle inhabitants over the ages and offering an insight into Newcastle s ancient heritage. ",China
" From a royal fortress to grim dungeons new exhibits allow visitors to experience what life would have been like for inhabitants in these two astonishingly preserved medieval buildings. The Newcastle Castle has also hosted several ghost hunting exhibitions due to its grim history and apparent sightings of The Poppy Girl a previous resident of the castle who was jailed for owing people money and was beaten and died in the castle prison. ",China
" Useful Information ",China
" Opening Hours ",China
" Open Thursday   Monday  10am 5pm ",China
" Closed to the public Tuesday   Wednesday ",China
" Last entry timed slot is 3.30   4pm to allow people enough time to get around the castle. ",China
" Pre arranged  social bubble groups  can access Newcastle Castle on Tuesdays   Wednesdays but please contact Newcastle Castle directly on 0191 230 6300 or info newcastlecastle.co.uk. ",China
" You May Also Like ",China
" This is Tomorrow Festival ",China
" This is Tomorrow Festival has been postponed due to the coronavirus pandemic until 28  ... ",China
" Proven Goods Co ",China
" Proven Goods Co has some of the most delicious doughnuts the city has to offer... ",China
" Grand Hotel Gosforth Park ",China
" Recently a Marriott hotel the Grand Hotel Gosforth Park welcomes you to the North East... ",China
" Horticulture ",China
" Horticulture is now open and taking table bookings via their website. Horticulture is a cafe... ",China
" The Central Bar ",China
" Quay Ingredient ",China
" A small independently run coffee house based underneath the Tyne Bridge just off Newcastle s picturesque... ",China
" BALTIC   For All I Care Podcast ",China
" BALTIC Centre for Contemporary Art introduce For All I Care... tune into this five part... ",China
" Journeys  Reading the World ",China
" Indulge a journey of armchair tourism and escapism with the help of a new online... ",China
" Swing Bridge ",China
" NewcastleGateshead Swing Bridge which spans the River Tyne is one of the region s must see... ",China
" Life Science Centre ",China
" Life Science Centre is now closed in response to Government guidelines. If you d like to... ",China
" Kielder Lodges ",China
" Luxury Scandinavian style lodges on the lakeside of Kielder Water boast panoramic views stretching over... ",China
" Odeon at Metrocentre ",China
" The ODEON IMAX Cinema at Metrocentre Qube offers a choice of luxury premier and standard... ",China
" Fenwick Food Hall ",China
" Is Fenwick Food Hall open  Fenwick Food Hall is temporarily closed. Please check back to... ",China
" Live Theatre ",China
" Live Theatre in Newcastle remains closed in line with government guidelines to prevent the spread... ",China
" Old George Inn ",China
" If you re looking for Newcastle s oldest pub then make your way to The Old George... ",China
" Washington Old Hall ",China
" Washington Old Hall remains closed at this time. Find out which National Trust locations are... ",China
" Sohe Jesmond ",China
" Sohe restaurant in Jesmond Newcastle is sure to offer an experience like no other. Traditionally... ",China
" Newcastle s Grainger Market at 185 ",China
" A very happy birthday to Newcastle s nbsp Grainger Market  nbsp  On 22 October 2020 Grainger Market hits an... ",China
" Places to Eat and Drink Near Newcastle... ",China
" Welcome to NewcastleGateshead  Whether nbsp you re arriving in Newcastle and Gateshead nbsp by train for a weekend city break... ",China
" Seven Stories Bookshop ",China
" Is Seven Stories Bookshop open  Following Government regulations the Bookshop will close to the general... ",China
" King Edward s Bay Tynemouth ",China
" King Edwards Bay is a small sandy bay enclosed by cliffs and grassy banks making... ",China
" 2020 a year of anniversaries  Who is... ",China
" Blog has been updated since first published in January 2020. 2020 is a year packed... ",China
" Dalton Park Outlet Shopping Centre ",China
" Is Dalton Park open  Following government guidelines non essential stores at Dalton Park are closed.How do... ",China
" Great North Museum  Hancock ",China
" Great North Museum  Hancock is currently closed in line with Government guidelines. Temporary exhibitions at... ",China
" Exquisite  13 bedroom castle on the site of Mary Queen of Scots  favourite retreat which comes with its own pub and helipad goes on sale for  8 million ",China
" Seton Castle near Longniddry Scotland was built on favourite countryside retreat of Mary Queen of Scots ",China
" The castle was completed in 1791 by acclaimed Scottish architect Robert Adams using sandstone from palace ",China
" Property boasts 13 bedrooms hidden  Hideaway  suite fully stocked wine cellar and a cinema room ",China
" Built on site of Seton Palace in the East Lothian countryside which was demolished in 1789 following neglect ",China
" A castle built on the site of one of Mary Queen of Scots  favourite retreats is on the market for  8 million. ",China
" Seton Castle near Longniddry Scotland is set in the East Lothian countryside and built on the site of the once Seton Palace. ",China
" The castle was designed by the pioneering Scottish architect Robert Adam using sandstone from Seton Palace and completed in 1791. ",China
" Seton Castle near Longniddry Scotland is set in the East Lothian countryside and built on the site of the once Seton Palace which was demolished in 1789 following years of neglect ",China
" A helipad in the grounds of the castle built by pioneering Scottish architect Robert Adams. He designed the castle using the sandstone from the Palace and kept the palace s garden walls and towers ",China
" In 2007 the castle made headlines after it sold for  5 million which was the highest price paid for a private Scottish residence. ",China
" The spectacular property is now set to sell with estate agents Savills who describe it as  one of Scotland s most ravishing buildings . ",China
" It is situated just ten miles from Edinburgh and enjoys breathtaking views over the sea. ",China
" One of the 13 bedrooms in the castle. The design of the house is courtesy of its present owners who used Ralph Lauren wallpaper and soft furnishings ",China
" The walk in dressing room where the lucky new homeowners could neatly put their belongings away. The room features a plush ottoman and traditional style wardrobes ",China
" A bathroom featuring a free standing roll top bath and a glistening chandelier with double shower and views overlooking the East Lothian countryside ",China
" An oak furnished bedroom leading off the grand red hallway. The castle is situated just ten miles from Edinburgh and enjoys breathtaking views over the sea ",China
" A beautiful view of the sitting room featuring floor to ceiling windows and plush cushions by the roaring traditional fire ",China
" The interior has undergone a makeover in recent years and is decked with Ralph Lauren wallpaper and soft furnishings with designs from Zoffany and Christian Lacroix. ",China
" Highlights inside the 13 bedroom castle include a chef s dream kitchen with a double AGA a state of the art gym a vintage billiard room and a cinema. ",China
" Beneath the house is a large basement including a fully stocked wine cellar for one lucky owner. ",China
" A stunning eight seated dining room with velvet soft furnishings and emerald green wallpaper. The room also features identical twin doorways ",China
" Fancy a tipple  The fully stocked wine cellar beneath the house features an array of aged bottles and is perfect for entertaining guests ",China
" And a helipad in the palace s original gardens with a pub in the former stables put the castle a turret above the rest. ",China
" The first floor is home to the beautiful master suite complete with double dressing rooms and a luxurious bathroom. ",China
" There are two further bedrooms and bathroom on this level while upstairs on the second floor is a refurbished library a charming study and four further bedrooms   two with en suite bathrooms. ",China
" A chef s dream  The double AGA fitted in the kitchen island with country style decor. The TV screen  far right  shows the cloud based system of 16 cameras around the castle ",China
" Lavish  The beautiful sitting room features a grand piano chandelier and remarkably high ceilings to complement the intricate wallpaper ",China
" RELATED ARTICLES ",China
" Share this article ",China
" Share ",China
" In addition to the main house there are two self contained apartments situated in the west wing each with three bedrooms ",China
" There is also a secret staircase which leads to a hidden bedroom  Hideaway  suite retreat. ",China
" And the 13 acres of grounds more than match the scale and grandeur of the castle with a 15th century carriage bridge formal lawns grazing paddocks parkland and wildflower meadows. ",China
" The private courtyards offer a glimpse of the castle s heritage. Adam designed the castle in keeping with the original palace walls and towers ",China
" Seton Castle considered one of the most exquisite examples of Robert Adam s work was erected following the demolition of the palace which was left in ruins after years of neglect. ",China
" The palace which was demolished in 1789 was regularly stayed in by the Scottish Queen and her son James I. ",China
" It was eventually torn down after years of neglect and in its place the current castle was built. ",China
" The castle was owned by the same family from the late 18th century until 2003. ",China
" In 2003 the castle was bought by property investor Mary McMillan for  1.3 million who fixed its  crumbling walls and musty smell . She attempted to sell it four years later to an American real estate agency for  15 million. ",China
" However it eventually sold to a buyer in 2007 for a knock down  5 million which was a record price tag in Scotland for a private residence. ",China
" The gates open onto the grand castle which features Scottish flags flying from the turrets and immaculate privets leading up to a main door ",China
" The castle by night  The castle was described as  ravishing  by Savills  Jamie MacNab with 13 acres of land to enjoy the Scottish countryside ",China
" The dimly lit oak panelled billiard room with rich red carpet and traditional paintings. The room overlooks the views of the estate ",China
" A charming sitting room with a trio of arch shaped windows and intricate wallpaper. The room also has a traditional fireplace ",China
" Jamie Macnab of Savills said   Seton Castle is simply one of Scotland s most significant and ravishing buildings with eight centuries of history and legend carved deep in its walls. ",China
"  It is undeniably one of Robert Adam s finest achievements but it is more than that. ",China
"  With the unstinting dedication and investment shown by recent owners Seton Castle is now also a wonderfully comfortable and welcoming home. ",China
"  It has been exquisitely renovated and decorated the stone of old now brilliantly showcased with lavish but carefully considered textiles and an exemplary level of finish to suit modern living while paying homage to Adam his craftsmen and the generations who have gone before.  ",China
" Share or comment on this article  ",China
" Seton Castle in Scotland goes on sale for  8 million with own helipad and pub ",China
" We noticed that you re using an unsupported browser. The Tripadvisor website may not display properly.We support the following browsers  Windows  Internet Explorer Mozilla Firefox Google Chrome. Mac  Safari. ",China
" The Castle the Kiss and the Countryside ",China
" Like other reviewers the first thing you notice after a short walk from admissions is the well kept luscious and very very green   go figure   grounds which surround the castle. The landscaping is gorgeous and spacious with a number of trails and paths upon which to wander and take a leisurely stroll. A more quiet and less crowded alternative to entering the castle   and lengthy line ups   as you make your way to the top. You have to be in pretty good shape to make the ascent as the stairways can be steep and narrow. Unfortunately the way to the top is off limits to most who may have a physical disability but once you get there the view of the country side makes the trip worthwhile. Yes there is a stone and many stand in line to get a snap shot as one lays down and tilts his or her head backwards and out over the ledge   for a smooch with a damp wet stone. Personally I skipped the kiss   preferring instead to watch others partake. Of course staff are on hand to ensure one s safety and to take pics for a reasonable fee   although I can t remember the exact amount. All  n all it was a fun and somewhat relaxing way to spend a few hours and grab some trinkets from the tourist shop. And like I said the setting offers just as much as the old stone landmark...the castle a kiss and the countryside  ",China
" Date of experience  June 2014 ",China
" Ask Redhouse12003 about Blarney Castle   Gardens ",China
" Thank Redhouse12003 ",China
" This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC. ",China
" All reviews poison garden beautiful grounds rock close poisonous plants long line tourist trap narrow stairs wait in line afraid of heights worth the climb wishing steps bucket list worth the trip tour buses take your time stone ireland ",China
" Review tags are currently only available for English language reviews. ",China
" I have to say i was so overly impressed with the grounds. It was absolutely beautiful. I could sit and read a book there if i had time. I enjoyed seeing the castle and making the walk up to the top. I unfortunately did not kiss the stone. Couldn t get past that fear but proud of myself for climbing to the top and got some great photos. It was so peaceful and the workers were so nice to talk to. ",China
" Ask Joyce P about Blarney Castle   Gardens ",China
" 2 Thank Joyce P ",China
" This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC. ",China
" While you visit to see the castle itself which is wonderful the grounds are the best part. Stunning even in spring  Would like to return in the summertime to see it in its full splendor. After a lengthy ramble around we enjoyed a coffee at the Coachhouse Cafe ",China
" Ask Irish L about Blarney Castle   Gardens ",China
" Thank Irish L ",China
" This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC. ",China
" Situated near Cork the castle was a 40 minute drive from our base in Limerick. It cost 13 euros to enter. Lovely gardens to walk around and the attraction of the tradition of kissing the Blarney Stone. Be prepared for a long wait if you choose to kiss the stone it would be daft to be there and not kiss it. The queue we were in started at the bottom of the stairs in the castle. It took us an hour to reach very top where the stone is housed. Please note that the stairs get steeper as you get nearer the top and it is very narrow. Therefore it is not suitable for anyone who is infirm or can t stand for a long period of time ",China
" Date of experience  March 2015 ",China
" Ask 45tedl about Blarney Castle   Gardens ",China
" 1 Thank 45tedl ",China
" This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC. ",China
" The Blarney Castle isn t just a building with a stone to kiss. It s a campus of attractions like Gardens and historical relics. I wish we could have stayed longer but they do close at the end of the day. When you visit be sure to pay attention to details  every building has something significant to read and the gardens hold secrets you never knew existed. The kissing of the stone is paramount. It s a windy steep staircase to the platform that can render you claustrophobic  except it s not a long trip up the stairs . The guys holding you are very professional they ll take your picture and allow you to snap a picture yourself  Overall this is another typical tourist spot but well worth it. ",China
" Date of experience  August 2014 ",China
" Ask bullmoosebell about Blarney Castle   Gardens ",China
" 1 Thank bullmoosebell ",China
" This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC. ",China
" Blarney Castle is a quintessential example of Ireland s history. It stands tall and represents thousands of years of what makes Ireland so unique. Be sure to walk the grounds too. Their is a great poison garden near the castle with placards explaining the plants used over the years for a variety of maladies. It takes about 90 minutes from the bottom of the stairs to get to the Stone so patience is a must. Be sure to go to the Woolen Mills while here too as you ll find some great shopping opportunities. ",China
" Date of experience  March 2015 ",China
" Ask EMarq about Blarney Castle   Gardens ",China
" Thank EMarq ",China
" This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC. ",China
" Storm King s Thunder ",China
" Skyreach Castle ",China
" Skyreach Castle is a flying castle belonging to the cloud giant Blagothkus. It is built around part of an iceberg and it s walls are made of ice. ",China
" Current Location ",China
" Sometimes lands in a crater by Parnast sometimes floats above ",China
" Executive Summary ",China
" The cloud giant Blagothkus wishes to acquire power and gain the notice of the Allfather but he s been slow to come up with a plan. While he dithers many guests  have moved into Skyreach Castle bringing him gifts and proposals to join their causes. As far as Countess Sansuri knows Blagothkus remains moody and indecisive. ",China
" Blagothkus  Family ",China
" Eigeron  Blagothkus  son whom he murdered when the oracle at the Eye of the All Father predicted greatness for Eigeron and a life of obscurity for his father. Sansuri knew that Eigeron was missing but didn t know his father had murdered him until you told her about it. ",China
" Esclarotta  Blagothkus  wife. She died many years ago after a long illness but her spirit is bound to the castle by powerful magic. She controls its movements from her tomb within the iceberg that Skyreach is built around. ",China
" Defenses ",China
" Dozens of ogre guards ",China
" Watchtowers with giant crossbows on top ",China
" Two stone golems guard the portcullis inside the main gateway ",China
" Landing platforms  There are landing platforms outside some of the larger guest rooms. The outer walls of these rooms will temporarily vanish if touched for one minute. ",China
" Passwords  Hail Blagothkus  is the watchword at the main entry gate. The dragon cultists use the shibboleth Tiamat our mother and strength.  ",China
" Guests ",China
" The Cult of the Dragon ",China
" A delegation led by Wyrmspeaker Rezmir possessor of the Black Dragon Mask supported by a cadre of elite dragonwing  warriors and dozens of kobold servants. Rezmir has persuaded Blagothkus to welcome Glazhael the Cloudchaser a full grown white dragon into a hollowed out chamber in the iceberg. A considerable portion of Glazhael s horde has been moved in to keep him happy. ",China
" Red Wizards of Thay ",China
" Rath Modar and Azbara Jos two powerful human necromancers are here on behalf of the lichlords of Thay hoping to recruit Blagothkus for some nefarious scheme. ",China
" Stone Giants ",China
" Wiglof and Hulda a stone giant couple old friends of Blagothkus are visiting Skyreach. Sansuri thinks they are spies for Thane Kayalithica of Deadstone Cleft where the stone giants do their dreaming. ",China
" Ambassador from Maelstrom ",China
" The storm giant knight Bashir has flown from the undersea palace of Maelstrom to entreat Blagothkus  aid in locating storm giant King Hekaton who left Maelstrom four months ago and has not been heard from since. ",China
" Skyreach Castle ",China
" Ascendant campaigns can view previous versions of their pages see what has changed  and who did it  and even restore old versions. It s like having a rewind button for your campaign. ",China
" We ve already been saving your edits so if you upgrade now you will have instant access to your previous versions. Plus you get a 15 day free trial so there s nothing to lose. ",China
" I m sorry but we no longer support this web browser. Please upgrade your browser or install Chrome or Firefox to enjoy the full functionality of this site. ",China
" Dungeons   Dragons   A Guide to Storm King s Thunder ",China
" This guide is meant to help DMs plan out the new D D adventure Storm King s Thunder. If you spot a mistake or found some material for me to link to let me know  You can get this guide in pdf form here  You can buy these books on amazon here  Storm King s Thunder Volo s Guide to Monsters Dungeonology Previews d100 Items for a Giant s Bag Appendix A  Linked Adventures Appendix D  Special NPCs Random Wilderness Encounters Giant Options Huge Map used on pages 75 76 Official Links Players Guide  ",China
" What Do I Know About Reviews  Dungeons and Dragons  Storm King s Thunder ",China
" Technically I m still working on the backlog. I picked this book up not too long ago and instead of playing Princes of the Apocalypse with my Thursday night online game we decided to go with Storm King s Thunder instead. So why not double dip and get the cover to cover review done while I m reading the adventure for my group  First off let me just throw out my total lack of objectivity on a few subjects. The first edition supplement The Savage Frontier is one of my favorite Forgotten  ",China
" A collection of paintings done for Wizards of the Coasts  Dungeons   Dragons Storm King s Thunder. ",China
" What Do I Know About Reviews  Dungeons and Dragons  Storm King s Thunder ",China
" Technically I m still working on the backlog. I picked this book up not too long ago and instead of playing Princes of the Apocalypse with my Thursday night online game we decided to go with Storm King s Thunder instead. So why not double dip and get the cover to cover review done while I m reading the adventure for my group  First off let me just throw out my total lack of objectivity on a few subjects. The first edition supplement The Savage Frontier is one of my favorite Forgotten  ",China
" Storm King s Thunder Miniatures Coming From Gale Force Nine ",China
" It should be no shock that GF9 are going to release a line of limited edition miniatures for the upcoming Storm King s Thunder  storyline. Look for three   ",China
" Dungeons   Dragons   A Guide to Storm King s Thunder ",China
" This guide is meant to help DMs plan out the new D D adventure Storm King s Thunder. If you spot a mistake or found some material for me to link to let me know  You can get this guide in pdf form here  You can buy these books on amazon here  Storm King s Thunder Volo s Guide to Monsters Dungeonology Previews d100 Items for a Giant s Bag Appendix A  Linked Adventures Appendix D  Special NPCs Random Wilderness Encounters Giant Options Huge Map used on pages 75 76 Official Links Players Guide  ",China
" Contents ",China
" Storm King Hekaton is mysteriously absent from the Forgotten Realms leaving the Giant races he usually holds in check free to unleash an invasion across the realm. With Frost Giants raiding the Sword Coast the cities of the Cloud Giants appearing above Baldur s Gate and Fire Giants assaulting the deserts the small folk of Faerun have to band together before they re all crushed beneath the heel of the Giant races... both figuratively and literally. 1  This adventure module is designed to take player characters from 1st level to 11th level. 1  2  ",China
" The table of contents lists the follow sections  3  ",China
" Storm King s Thunder was released on September 6 2016 as a 256 page hardcover book. It was also released as a digital product through the following Wizards of the Coast licensees  D D Beyond Fantasy Grounds and Roll20. 2  Storm King s Thunder was the second official 5th edition adventure module to be released on Roll20. 4  5  ",China
" On the development of Storm King s Thunder Chris Perkins Lead Designer of the book 3  said in the case of the Giant s story for 5th edition we found an ancient lore from an old book called Giant Craft. This idea of an Ordning it s sort of like the structure of Giant society. In the Storm King s Thunder the basic story is well what happens if that Ordning is shattered  The Giants basically have to go out into the world and earn the respect and favor of their Gods to create a whole new Ordning and what that does to the small folk of the world when the Giants are stomping around doing all kinds of bad stuff. 6  ",China
" Jeremy Crawford Dungeons   Dragons Lead Rules Developer noted that Storm King s Thunder continued the trend of including queer characters in 5th edition products. Crawford highlighted the Osstra family  52 year old wheat farmer Thelbin Osstra his husband Brynn and Brynn s adopted nephew Broland  in Nightstone and said that was a nod specifically to our household.  ...  Although the two men are older than my husband and I are. 7  ",China
" WizKids a Wizards of the Coast licensee released 45 miniatures that correspond with the adventure in September 2016. 8  ",China
" In Publishers Weekly s Best selling Books Week Ending September 19 2016 Storm King s Thunder was  21 in Hardcover Nonfiction and sold 3857 units. 12  Storm King s Thunder was included in The A.V. Club s 2016 Gift Guide. 13  ",China
" Alex Springer for SLUG Magazine wrote where most campaigns tend to begin in some kind of neutral relatively safe location Storm King s Thunder thrusts our intrepid adventurers into a recently sieged village that is being picked apart by goblins.  ...  Allowing the players to shift gears and take the role of a relatively normal person in the middle of a city wide attack lets players experience the fantastic world of Dungeons   Dragons from the eyes of a civilian. In a game that expects its players to become superheroes it was a nice dose of reality to see what it s like to face a supernatural being without the benefit of supernatural powers. As we continued through the campaign I was impressed at how well Storm King s Thunder balanced structure with improvisational freedom.  ...  We re not talking about generic go fetch  missions or cleansing ruin after ruin of its monstrous occupants either one chance encounter finds the players manipulating a lovesick hill giant into betraying her husband stealing queen. Based on my experience running Storm King s Thunder as a novice DM I continue to be impressed with the quality of work that Wizards of the Coast puts into their roleplaying game peripherals. The art is fantastic the maps are meticulous and all of it is set against a Shakespearean story of corruption betrayal and power. 14  ",China
" Cameron Kunzelman for Paste wrote reading through Storm King s Thunder for the first time gave me the strongest itch that I have ever had to actually put a party through a pre created adventure. The adventure is created in such a way that any given location contains a dozen plot hooks interesting characters and beautiful descriptions that would be suitable for an entire campaign.  ...  It s hard to be specific here without stealing some of the wonder but let me tell you about some of the things I found to be the most wonderful in Storm King s Thunder. There s a 40000  year old kraken wizard who hangs out in the ocean using its telekinetic powers to lure people into its service from hundreds of miles away. There s a fire giant who wants to reassemble a magical Voltron to punch dragons in the mouth with.  ...  Of course there are parts I don t enjoy as much. Storm King s Thunder is very equitable when it comes to gender with many giant lords being women and the gender assignment of many NPCs being up to DM discretion. However that macro plot I mentioned before starts off with a old fashioned fridging of King Hekton s wife Queen Neri and it s such a conspicuous trope y stumble that I initially assumed that it was meant to be commentary of some kind  as far as I can tell though it s just a plot point . 15  ",China
" Cecilia D Anastasio for Kotaku in a review comparing Out of the Abyss and Storm King s Thunder wrote after a few pages of lore and history about the giants of the Forgotten Realms Chapter One starts players in a deserted settlement infested with goblins.  ...  The only real hook into Storm King s Thunder s opening moments is the bell ringing from the bell tower where goblins are gleefully swinging on a rope. There it was  the easy opening. Go to the bell tower. Explore the town.  ...  Players got a strong sense of each others  characters by exploring the empty settlement. It s just a start but the simplicity of Storm King s Thunder s first chapter made it fun. The experience of it wasn t prescribed and players weren t made servile by ten NPCs four hanging towers and thirteen fungi. Later on when shit gets real in the Savage Frontier I welcome the new Dungeons   Dragons adventure to throw what it s got at us. The first chapter isn t the time for that. The lack of content in the intro to Storm King s Thunder for some was also paralyzing.  ...  But I d rather players meet the challenge of creativity than suffocate in the embrace of a too meaty adventure. At least we re picking up the game again. 16  ",China
" James Haeck for Geek   Sundry wrote before we can see why Roll20 does Storm King s Thunder so well let s talk about the adventure itself. Storm King s Thunder is technically a sequel to 5e s first story arc Tyranny of Dragons in the way that Captain America  Civil War is a sequel to Age of Ultron. You don t need to have played or even read Tyranny to get  this adventure but you ll enjoy some easter eggs. This adventure is also shorter than the others.  ...  I still prefer the tactile sensation of flipping pages  ...  but Roll20 s GM tools are startlingly useful. I love showing my players images from the adventure for instance. All of the illustrations that you d find in the book are loaded into Roll20 s image database and it s much easier to just click a share with everyone  button than to awkwardly turn the hardcover around try  and fail  to cover the spoilery text and probably break the book s binding in the process. The interactive Table of Contents makes flipping through Roll20 s format infinitely easier than leafing through a print book. It s even easier than using a PDF with a hyperlinked Table of Contents since you can always pop it open from the right hand sidebar without closing your other open windows. A small negative  the adventure frequently mentions Player s Handbook or Dungeon Master s Guide not by page number but by chapter number. And since they can t hyperlink to those books it s a small grievance but one with cascading effects. 17  ",China
" Ages ago giants and dragons waged war across the Savage Frontier. These battles are long forgotten by the human civilizations of today but ancient relics remain. And now the land shudders once more with the thunder of giant footsteps. ",China
" Hill giants raid farms for food and livestock as stone giants lay waste to settlements in their path. Frost giants plunder coastal towns as fire giants gather slaves. Cloud giant castles drift across the sky casting ominous shadows on the cities of the North. But no threat compares to the wrath of the storm giants who stand betrayed. ",China
" Puny adventurers must rise to the challenge gather their strength unlock the power of ancient runes and take the fight to the giants  doorsteps. Only then can they discover a hidden evil fomenting a war between giants and small folk. Only then can they forge an alliance to end the war before it begins. ",China
" Storm King s Thunder contains a brief description of about 165 locations in Northwest Faer n in case the adventurers pass through any of them during their travels while they seek ancient relics. Over thirty of these locations have suggested encounters for the players to gain experience treasure magic items or to move the story along. In addition there are three featured encounters that can potentially help the party toward their goals. 4  ",China
" Disclaimer  The views expressed in the following links do not necessarily represent the views of the editors of this wiki nor does any lore presented necessarily adhere to established canon. ",China
" Storm King s Thunder Review ",China
" After its limited release a few weeks ago Storm King s Thunder is now finally available in stores everywhere. The physical book is a hardcover with 256 pages on glossy paper. Like all previous Wizards adventures it has plenty of great art and full color maps. There are no fold outs or additional accessories included or necessary to play. ",China
" The story here is set in the Forgotten realms and is one of classic heroic fantasy. Storm King s Thunder pits the players against the rampaging giant lords of the northern regions of the Sword Coast and as such has a distinctly Nordic flavor. Throughout the adventure the players will explore vast untamed wildlands complete with frozen oceans snow caped mountains dense forests and ancient ruins. They will harness the ancient power of rune magic encounter wild barbarians battle giants and take to the high seas in search of a way to stop a dangerous upheaval from destroying all that the  small folk  hold dear. It stands out as one of the strongest published adventures for 5th edition to date making both artistic and technical improvements upon its predecessors. The following review will have its spoilers marked below. ",China
"   GENERAL POINTS   ",China
" There are a few major reasons why Storm King s Thunder stands out from the rest of the Wizards library and they all have to do with how content is presented. I have never encountered an official adventure that didn t have tons of good ideas in it but never before have those ideas been so clearly and cleanly articulated. ",China
" ORGANIZATIONAL SUPERIORITY ",China
" Right off that bat it s clear that this is the most well organized 5th edition adventure Wizards has ever made. Information is laid out in a way that makes each scenario very easy to navigate making specifics easy to find at a moments notice. ",China
" For instance chapter three contains a massive list of every relevant location in the book presented in alphabetical order. This makes navigating all of the smaller settlements and map features a breeze allowing the DM to go straight to any specific detail needed for overland travel. ",China
" Each dungeon also has a Roster section detailing every single monster s location and what they do under certain conditions. This is the sort of thing that DMs would normally have to create for themselves in their own personal notes. This time however all the work is done for us and is presented in a simple and elegant manner. ",China
" The scenarios do away with overly complicated  if then  situations which require the DM to search all over the place trying to find relevant information. Even if there are  if then  situations they are usually written out all on the same page rather than telling you to flip over to this page or that. Out of the Abyss had this problem at times. Gracklstugh for instance happened to be my favorite chapter of that adventure but holy cow was it ever convoluted  I had to create my own visual flowchart just to keep all of the branching plot lines in order. It was a big mess of amazing ideas that were unfortunately very sloppily delivered. The scenarios in Storm King s Thunder however are very straightforward and organized in a fairly linear fashion. This doesn t mean the adventures are linear however as I will touch on more in the sections below. ",China
" As minor flourishes the introduction even includes a graphical flowchart for the plot and a  dramatis personae  for the characters. The flowchart is a nice visual representation of how the adventure is to be run at a glance and the dramatis personae makes is easy to look up any major character  and there are quite a few  quickly in alphabetical order. These are both the sorts of things that you would expect the community to generate out of necessity. Seeing this in the actual book makes me think that Wizards was more in touch this time around about what DMs want and how they can make running the adventure easier. ",China
" SANDBOX GAMEPLAY ",China
" Another thing that Storm King s Thunder does better than any other official 5th edition module is create a physical sandbox with its locations. Chapter three is largely responsible for this effect which I will go into detail about in the sections below. Suffice it to say that players have never had more freedom to go in whichever direction they want and be guaranteed to find something awesome without fear of ruining the story. No matter where they go on the map and no matter how they choose to get there there is always something interesting waiting there for them. ",China
" Locations on the map largely exist independently from the adventure s main plot and there is no pre established order that the players need to explore them in. This is what makes the world so believable. Its more than just a series of areas that all exist solely to further the immediate plot of the story. Even the locations and events that do tie into the plot can be  with a few major exceptions  encountered in almost any order. On top of that there are a ton of purely optional side quests that can enhance the main story line should the players be interested. This gives them more agency than ever before. ",China
" Other adventures try to act like sandboxes Out of the Abyss and Curse of Strahd for example  but they ultimately fail because if certain locations are skipped or encountered out of order the story becomes less effective or even ruined at certain points. When you play these adventures it s usually pretty clear that there is an intended order in which locations should be explored for the story to be at its best. Yes you could go out of order but it just makes the game awkward. Take Out of the Abyss for example  if your players choose to skip Sloobludop and go in another direction they will be missing out on a HUGE plot point the rise of Demogorgon. He s only the main villain of the entire campaign so  no big deal  Take Curse of Strahd as a second example  The game is clearly laid out so that the characters travel along a path that moves from east to west across the map and blocks them from moving south using mountains. Its not a sandbox. These adventures try to tell the players that they can go wherever they want while simultaneously making it clear to the DM that they should be steered towards specific locations. That or the terrain just funnels them into a linear path. ",China
" Storm King s Thunder doesn t have this problem because it effectively creates a living breathing world that exists independently of the main plot. It also doesn t prod the DM to artificially steer players here or there while simultaneously telling them that they are free to go where they like. When they are told they have a choice they actually have a choice and they don t have to worry that if they make the wrong choice they will screw up the story. Storm King s Thunder may have a fairly linear plot but its map is as close to a sandbox as we ve seen so far. Once the players realize this they might just get lost exploring all of these incredible places and side quests. ",China
" THE DEFINITIVE SWORD COAST ADVENTURE ",China
" I think its safe to say that I view this as being the best  Sword Coast adventure  we ve gotten for 5th edition so far. As I touched on earlier it brings the setting alive in ways that adventures like Hoard of the Dragon Queen and Princes of the Apocalypse just aren t capable of. Hoard of the Dragon Queen for example feels like you are riding through its setting with blinders on unable to explore and experience too much beyond what exists solely to support the main plot. The difference between now and then is staggering. ",China
" There is so much sheer content in this book that a single playthrough would barely scratch the surface. You could run a whole campaign based on chapter three alone. It presents a ton of great ideas which can naturally lead the players from one area to the other without feeling disjointed or restrictive. Each region presented here has all sorts of little locations and encounters that give glimpses of what local life is like and how that region is different from the rest. This is what makes it all more believable this time around. In fact using random encounters at all seems a bit lame when you ve got a whole map full of handcrafted locations NPCs and encounters to use instead. Storm King s Thunder doesn t encompass the entire Sword Coast but the areas it does depict are presented beautifully. ",China
" A FEW FLAWS ",China
" Despite its many virtues and improvements Storm King s Thunder does still have a few flaws. Let me preface this by saying that I don t think any of these are particularly damning or serious. That said here they are  ",China
" Sadly as is the case with most sandboxes much of the content in the book will never be explored or used in any single play through. The book is the exact same length as Out of the Abyss for example but since Storm King s Thunder has tons of detailed content that will most likely never be seen by the players it clocks in for less play time. You could even argue that this literally means you get less playtime for your money. You could also argue that yes players who love free form exploring and side quests can eventually get around to seeing most of its content anyways but it feels much less likely in an adventure like this. This will probably be a shorter play through for most groups. ",China
" The book does have a fair amount of typos in it which is a bit surprising seeing as how incredibly well organized it is content wise. It s not pervasive and it is of course completely superficial and will not affect your ability to run the game. It s just noticeable. ",China
" The whole harness the power of rune magic  and defeat giants by becoming giant  ideas are in practice pretty mediocre. I m not implying that we were mislead in any way. I was just expecting a bit more I guess. For instance rune magic only exists from a gameplay standpoint within magic items in the back of the book and in scripted events during the adventure. There aren t any additional options for players like what was shown in the Prestige Classes and Rune Magic  Unearthed Arcana Wizards released last October. ",China
" As for the becoming giant  element of the game I won t spoil it here  you can read about it in the spoiler laden sections below . For now I will just say that it feels very tacked on like an afterthought. Early on when Storm King s Thunder was announced it seems like it was implied that this idea was going to throw a very unique twist into a significant portion of the game. In reality its just a fun little gimmick that shows up only once. ",China
"   THE ADVENTURES   ",China
" Here is a brief summary and my commentary on the specific adventures in Storm King s Thunder. MAJOR SPOILERS are below but if you are a DM wanting to know exactly what you and your players will be doing in this campaign this section is for you. ",China
"    MAJOR SPOILERS BELOW    ",China
" Chapter 1  A Great Upheaval ",China
" The adventure begins with the players travelling to Nightstone a small rural village that has just played victim to a cloud giant attack. As they explore the wreckage they encounter looting goblins destroyed buildings surviving guards and Zhentarim operatives. Just when things seem to be getting in order a fleeing party of murderous orcs tries to take refuge within the village walls prompting a possible showdown between the players the Zhentarim the pursuing elves and the fleeing orcs. Later the players track down and rescue other surviving villagers in a nearby cave where they are held prisoner by goblins and ogres. ",China
" The chapter concludes with the players following up on one of three quests they receive from the villagers. A friendly cloud giant named Zephyros offers to transport them in his flying castle to their destination. Along the way the players have a run in with the Lord s Alliance  mistaking Zephyros for a threat  and evil elemental air cultists. ",China
" All in all its quite an exciting first chapter. There are so many different characters and groups represented all with different agendas. The players have tons of opportunities to engage in combat as well as roleplaying. There are multiple times when the players must choose who s side they are on or try to pit different groups against one another in order to survive. Its complicated but in a fun and well presented way. ",China
" Chapter 2  Rumblings ",China
" Here the players are led to one of three different settlements  A frigid town called Bryn Shander in Icewind Dale a lush temple farm called Goldenfields near the Dessarin Valley or a bustling mercantile town called Triboar. Once they arrive and get situated the location comes under attack by giants and the players must defend the settlement with the help of a handful of NPCs. After the battle is concluded the surviving NPCs give the players quests which help drive the story forward. ",China
" Many of the NPCs here are quite interesting and the scenario does a good job of making the players actually care about them. This is due in large part to the fact that the players must control two characters at once during the attack. Some may find this daunting but I think most groups will quickly adapt. ",China
" That said I do think that this is the weakest chapter in the book  though that isn t saying much . The three towns frankly struck me as being a bit mundane. It felt like a chore to read through all of the descriptions about each town s blacksmiths inns temples etc. Especially since many of these elements are extremely similar between them or if they are different they are mundane enough as to not be of to much interest. Playing these scenarios will of course be quite different since there will be plenty of combat excitement and interesting NPCs. However compared to some of the inspired scenarios presented later in the book these settlements come off as a bit redundant and mundane. ",China
" Add to this the fact that only one third of the text here will actually be used in the game and it all left me wondering if this chapter was really worth all the space it takes up in the book. I do acknowledge that it is a necessary chapter and that it can be fun I just think it could have been more concise and less over bloated. Its not bad its just that the whole rest of the book is better. ",China
" Chapter 3  The Savage Frontier ",China
" From the mundane to the absolutely sublime we step out of Chapter 2 and enter Chapter 3. This is by far the best chapter in the book. Its main contribution is a massive list of over 160 locations spread across the northern region of the Sword Coast complete with maps random encounters NPCs and treasure. There are dozens and dozens of gems to be found here. ",China
" The scope and degree to which this brings the Sword Coast alive is truly inspiring and in the sections above I touch on how this chapter creates the best 5th edition sandbox I ve ever seen. Even the least interesting locations always have something noteworthy in them and the most interesting locations are good enough to inspire entire campaigns centered just around the NPCs and suggested encounters presented. ",China
" Much of the reason why this chapter is so successful is because each entry is quick and to the point unlike chapter 2  giving you just enough information to get you started and let the DM pick up the creative reigns. I honestly think that the importance of this chapter is actually bigger than the adventure it is written for. ",China
" Chapter 4  The Chosen Path ",China
" Here the players meet a friendly frost giant named Harshnag who leads them to consult with a divine oracle at an ancient temple. Deep within the frozen mountains of the north the oracle explains how the players can combat the giant threat and gives them a quest to scour all corners of the map looking for ancient artifacts. For each artifact they find they gain the option to challenge a corresponding giant lord and steal its conch of teleportation to gain access to Maelstrom the stronghold of the storm giants and King Hekaton s court. A plot twist also occurs here in the arrival of a shapeshifting ancient blue dragon who has infiltrated the storm giant s court. In a daring escape the players are offered aid from a mysterious band of dragon cultists in an airship. ",China
" Whew  This chapter has a lot going on in it. Besides providing a great and inspiring set piece for the campaign it also delves deep into the lore of giants and their mythical idols. Rune magic is touched on here and it has some cool traps and roleplaying opportunities with the oracle Harshnag and the dragon cultists. It is a strong chapter overall but it has a few issues  ",China
" As I foreshadowed above I do think it is unfortunate that the players need only confront one giant lord to progress to chapter 10. That means that since only ONE out of the next FIVE chapters will be of use in your campaign about 50 pages worth of content in the book is entirely wasted. It is true that in theory they can confront the other giant lords at some other point if they wish. But let s be real. It seems unlikely that players will want to keep fighting giant lords once they get the opportunity to continue towards Maelstrom which is a much more urgent and exciting place to take the story. If they had restructured the adventure to somehow require the players to confront multiple giant lords I think they could have stretched the campaign out to level 14 or 15. ",China
" Some other minor quibbles are as follows  The chapter commits the cardinal sin of possibly giving the players a quest that cannot be completed without the use of another adventure book. I get that it s optional and that it is fun to sometimes find references to other adventures here and there. Nonetheless it s kind of annoying to be given an exciting idea then immediately told that you can t do it unless you pay another  29.95. Another thing that sticks out here is that the map seems to have been colored incorrectly. A minor problem to be sure but it did throw me off since the location is described as being dark cold and covered in frost yet the map is drawn with a very bright and warm color scheme as if the floor were made of clean sandstone. No darkness or frost in sight. Even the painting of the oracle room contradicts the map s depiction. No other map in the adventure had this problem for me. ",China
" Chapter 5  Den of the Hill Giants ",China
" The first of the five giant lords that hold the key to Maelstrom is Ghum a brutish and loathsome hill giant holed up on a pig farm. The scenario seems to lend itself well to a stealthy approach with tactical isolated battles. ",China
" Overall this chapter is a good one but the setting might be a bit underwhelming when compared to the other superior choices out there. For instance after reading about Duke Zalto s massive subterranean forge and his plans to engage in an apocalyptic war with dragons using the power of an ancient primordial  the idea of fighting hill giants on a pig farm is just kind of  meh. That aside it s a competently written scenario with plenty of tactical combat and stealth opportunities  not so much roleplay . If your players like combat and aren t interested in politics then this is for you. ",China
" Chapter 6  Canyon of the Stone Giants ",China
" Here the players infiltrate a lair of stone giants called Deadstone Cleft. There are some interesting terrain features here and a couple of other creatures and NPCs to contend with such as a band of Uthgardt barbarians and a roc that roosts just outside the canyon. ",China
" Now this is more like it  The imagery here is strong and the stone giants themselves are much more interesting and mysterious than their hill giant brethren. Some stone giants are neutral preferring to live a life of artful mediation and stillness rather than crushing puny small folk. This presents some awesome roleplaying opportunities for a creative DM to play with. The barbarians also add another level of complexity and danger to the encounter. ",China
" Chapter 7  Berg of the Frost Giants ",China
" Travelling near the frigid waters of the Sea of Moving Ice the players infiltrate the frost giant fortress of Svardborg. Just getting to the fortress is a challenge in itself and one that presents many options  Sail by boat  Fly by airship  Fly by griffon  Fly by dragon  Once there the players have to contend with a wide variety of creatures and characters including winter wolves manticores dragons harpies a treacherous mage and the frost giants themselves. All of this is made more complicated by the fact that the area is surrounded by frigid water and any craft they use to approach is at risk of being spotted. ",China
" This is my favorite of the five chapters in this series because it is clearly and concisely laid out but also gives a very large set of toys and options to play with.  Frost giants are also my favorite giant so I may be a little biased  One of its highlights is that it plays up the ancient rivalry between dragons and giants allowing smart players to play both sides against one another. Its aquatic elements as well as its potential for some ship boarding action add to the fun. The showdown between the players and Jarl Storvald can go many ways and will reward players for being intelligent and resourceful. ",China
" Chapter 8  Forge of the Fire Giants ",China
" This scenario sees the players infiltrate Duke Zalto s enormous subterranean forge complex. Before they can set foot inside however the players must outwit the deceptive and murderous Yakfolk who control the village above Zalto s lair. As the players descend deeper into the forge they have the opportunity to free slaves that keep the complex running and enlist their help. Eventually they face off against Duke Zalto and his hell hounds thwarting his plans to reignite his mighty forge and reassemble the Vonindod an enormous collosus with which he seeks to wage war against all of dragonkind. A party of drow make a special appearance here as well throwing a curve ball into an already deadly situation. ",China
" This is the largest and most complex of the five chapters in this series. It is also quite dark and mature in comparison to the others. It has an almost concentration camp type feel what with slaves being beaten and worked to death throughout the whole area. It all may be a bit depressing for some. ",China
" Now that aside it is another very well crafted scenario and there are plenty of opportunities for smart players to use roleplaying to their advantage here. It is however a more challenging scenario to run from a DM s perspective with a lot of moving parts and interconnected factors at play. In the hands of a skilled DM this can be perhaps the most intricate and tactical scenario in the whole book but it takes a sizable amount of prep time. ",China
" Chapter 9  Castle of the Cloud Giants ",China
" The final chapter in this series involves the players infiltrating Countess Sansuri s flying castle. The Countess is vain but sociable lending this chapter quite well to social roleplaying. Players might fly aboard and ask for a peaceful audience with her then at the opportune moment strike at her vulnerabilities. Hazards include Sansuri s simulacra aarakocra cloud giants griffons air elementals invisible stalkers and even animated chess pieces  The characters also have the opportunity to seize the castle for themselves if they defeat all of its inhabitants. ",China
" This is my second favorite chapter in this series. Its easier to run than the fire giant scenario it has more interesting NPCs than the hill and stone giant scenarios and it plays with the giants vs dragons theme again which can be exploited by the players to give them an advantage. I like the whimsical arcana  feel to the whole thing. Its sort of like a castle from Alice in Wonderland. If your group has a lot of magic users consider steering them towards this chapter. There plenty of magic items scrolls and spells to be found here. ",China
" Chapter 10  Hold of the Storm Giants ",China
" After defeating one or more giant lords the players arrive at the underwater court of the Storm King himself. Maelstrom represents the most challenging piece of social roleplaying in the whole adventure. Surrounded by flooded chambers dangerous sea creatures and powerful storm giants the players must convince princess Serissa to trust them about her missing father King Hekaton. This is made difficult by the fact that those closest to her including her advisor Iymrith and her two sisters are evil and full of deceit. The players will have to be socially clever and resourceful to avoid getting into big trouble here. ",China
" This is another very strong chapter with interesting political drama and an awesome setting. It is quite possible  but unlikely  to complete this with very little combat which may be a disappointment for some. It challenges the players to remember what specific information they have learned previously about the NPCs and their various motives. Players armed with a good memory and a sensitivity to the social clues you drop as the DM will have an advantage. The underwater theme is also quite fun and there are a few nice touches included for the sake of immersion such as the anemone chests giant clams and crystal windows. Even without combat the setting itself can be deadly if not handled correctly. ",China
" I do wish that there were a few more opportunities throughout the campaign to learn about the situation at Maelstrom before travelling there. As it is the only sizable source of information about it is the Oracle at Annan s Temple who is basically just a talking head that info dumps the necessary information on the characters. I feel there is a real risk of the players getting to Hekaton s court and being a bit lost about what to say. ",China
" Chapter 11  Caught in the Tentacles ",China
" This chapter is jam packed with dramatic plot points. After gaining Serissa s trust she tasks the players with helping track down her father. The players will have to wander a bit investigating clues and leads which can be handled as specifically or as vaguely as the DM likes. They end up infiltrating a waterborne gambling ring run by an operative from the Kraken Society. Under interrogation he tells the players that Hekaton has been sequestered aboard a ship that sails in the Trackless Sea to avoid detection. The players use one of many methods available to reach the ship and fight their way on board. Once Hekaton is freed they might return back to Maelstrom or experience an epic showdown with a mighty kraken. ",China
" This chapter provides a welcome change of pace to the dungeon crawl room to room style found in the previous six chapters. The adventures here are also shorter and more varied with a fair amount of travelling. This gives the players the opportunity to gain another level or two in their travels before the finale against the dragon. I like that this chapter rewards the players for establishing contacts and resources throughout the game. For instance depending on how much wealth and or friends the players have amassed sea travel can be done in a variety of ways including by boat airship dragon or even flying castle  This chapter feels much more cinematic and free form than its predecessors even allowing the possibility for King Hekaton to die. ",China
" Chapter 12  Doom in the Desert ",China
" Once Hekaton is back in Maelstrom or news of his death has reached there it becomes clear that Iymrith the ancient blue dragon that infiltrated his court must answer for her treachery. An alliance between storm giants and the small folk is forged and the two march upon the dragon s lair. The players are also each given a potion of giant size to make things more interesting. The bulk of this chapter is a battle royal staged in a huge abandoned amphitheater between the storm giants players and the dragon. This obviously has the potential to be deadly for a number of players and NPCs so they will have to work together and use tactics to survive. Iymrith has a host of gargoyles at her command and the players will also potentially have to deal with yuan ti air elementals and even a mummy lord  Iymrith also fights on her home turf and thus has access to her lair actions and a few traps and defense mechanisms to keep the battle interesting. ",China
" This is the shortest chapter in the book which is appropriate being that it s basically just a giant battle no pun intended . It s a fun and satisfying action movie type blowout designed to end the story with a bang. Teaming up with the storm giants also gives the players another opportunity to control NPCs in combat. Again that may be daunting for some but for others controlling a storm giant will be a welcome end of campaign reward. And hey all good campaigns have to end with the party slaying a dragon right  Classic  ",China
" Appendices  A   D ",China
" The appendices contain a few necessary add ons to support the main campaign. Appendix A  Linked Adventures is a guide on how to connect other Wizards adventures with Storm King s Thunder. Crossovers are particularly strong with Hoard of the Dragon Queen and Princes of the Apocalypse. Appendix B  Magic Items is exactly that  magic items. It includes a number of rune magic items made specifically for this adventure. It is a bit disappointing that they don t have an item for every single rune but the ones that are there are at least mildly interesting. Appendix C  Creatures includes all the necessary stat blocks including ones for Maegera the Dawn Titan uthgardt shamans tressyms and yakfolk. Most interestingly though it also includes some expanded options for giants giving them some new powers and actions to keep them fresh and cut down on repetition. After all you will be facing a lot of giants in this adventure. Appendix D  Special NPCs contains stats for the NPCs you will be handing out to the players during special scenarios. Each stat block includes a nifty little Roleplaying Information section and full color portrait making it easier for them to bond with these characters and create unique behaviors for them. ",China
"    END OF SPOILERS    ",China
" Is Storm King s Thunder the best 5th edition adventure Wizards has ever done  Well I can tell you that from an organizational and technical standpoint it certainly is. It successfully improves upon the mistakes of its predecessors and delivers the best version of the Sword Coast yet. I think it s safe to say that it s better than Tyranny of Dragons and Princes of the Apocalypse. Out of the Abyss and Curse of Strahd are harder to compare because they attempt to achieve very different things and offer different styles of play. That aside I do think you could easily make a compelling argument for Storm King s Thunder taking the top spot solely on its organizational merits its level of ease for the DM and its truly sandbox type gameplay. Rest assured that if you choose to dive into this world you ll get to experience one of the finest adventures on the market for 5th edition today. ",China
" GET THIS IF  ",China
" Your group loves treasure and magic items. ",China
" Your group is creative and can run with a sandbox type campaign. ",China
" Your group loves side quests. ",China
" DON T GET THIS IF  ",China
" Your group prefers a more linear story experience. ",China
" You are looking for something with a more specific theme such as gothic horror. ",China
" You find treasure money and magic items to be a pain to manage. ",China
" Your players don t enjoy social or political roleplaying. ",China
" If you need help running Storm King s Thunder check out Power Score s blog here for great tips and insights  ",China
" Millions endure a night of endless rain as Australia s east coast is battered by severe thunderstorms   and the worst is yet to come ",China
" Millions of Australians have been warned to brace themselves for severe rain ",China
" Road weather alert for Sydney s eastern suburbs on Wednesday morning ",China
" Rose Bay in the city s east has already received 38mm of rainfall as of 8am ",China
" Flood warning for the Bellinger and Kalang rivers on NSW mid north coast ",China
" Millions of Australians have been warned to brace themselves for torrential rain and strong winds after thunderstorms drenched the east coast overnight. ",China
" More than 100000 lightning strikes lit up the sky between the Darling Downs and Brisbane overnight as parts of south east Queensland received more than 30mm of rainfall in the last 24 hours. ",China
" Heavy rain in Sydney on Wednesday morning has prompted the Bureau of Meteorology to issue a road weather alert for dangerous driving conditions in the city s eastern suburbs. ",China
" Motorists on the M5 have been told to expect significant delays due to flooding   with one lane closed in both directions at Kyeemagh in the city s south. ",China
" Traffic was queuing back for 5km to Bexley Road as of 8am as emergency crews work to re open the road. ",China
" Rose Bay has already copped 38mm of rainfall in the past day as a low pressure trough sweeps through the region. ",China
" Thunderstorms in Brisbane overnight saw 100000 lightning strikes ligt up the sky between the Darling Downs and Brisbane ",China
" Traffic is queuing back for 5km in Kyeemagh in the city s south after the Cooks River Tunnel was hit by flooding ",China
" Traffic was queuing back for 5km to Bexley Road as of 8am with motorists urged to allow extra time for their travel ",China
" The bureau has also issued a flood warning for the Bellinger and Kalang rivers on NSW s mid north coast   as well as the Paroo River in the state s north west. ",China
"  The road weather alert for Sydney will remain in place as long as heavy rainfall continues  NSW BoM duty forecaster Helen Kirkup told Daily Mail Australia. ",China
"  At the Bellinger River at Thora we re likely to see minor flooding this morning due to the intense rainfall.  ",China
" The river   which flows into Urunga south of Coffs Harbour   is expected to peak about 10am on Wednesday. ",China
" RELATED ARTICLES ",China
" Share this article ",China
" Share ",China
" South east Queensland was on Wednesday afternoon issued with a severe thunderstorm warning for parts of Somerset Scenic Southern Downs   Toowoomba Council. ",China
" A major flood warning is still in place for the Herbert River at Halifax north of Queensland. ",China
" The river though is expected to fall below major flood levels on Wednesday morning ",China
" Across the country a broad trough and lows across the tropics are causing areas of rain and thunderstorms across the country heaviest over the Northern Territory. ",China
" Heavy rain has hit in Sydney on Wednesday morning   with Rose Bay in the city s east already receiving 38mm of rain as of 8am ",China
" A flood warning for the Bellinger and Kalang rivers on NSW s mid north coast has been put in place following intense rainfall ",China
" A man rides his bike across Dudley Page Reserve in Dover Heights in Sydney s eastern suburbs on January 4 ",China
" Another trough is generating showers and storms across parts of Northern Western Australia Queensland New South Wales and eastern Victoria. ",China
" Sydney is forecast for a mostly cloudy day tomorrow with a max of 25C before high chances of showers on Thursday and chance of a thunderstorm on Friday. ",China
" Saturday is forecast to be a partly cloudy day with a medium chance of showers and light winds while Sunday is another partly cloudy day with a max of 27C. ",China
" Thunder Sounds ",China
" Here are the sounds that have been tagged with Thunder free from SoundBible.com Please bookmark us Ctrl D and come back soon for updates  ",China
" All files are available in both Wav and MP3 formats. ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" This is a 2 minute clip from a summer thunder storm just recorded. At 2.31 minutes it doesnt need to be looped for movie and video scenes. ",China
" Mike Koenig ",China
" 669335 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" Amazing thunder sound lightning storm sound effects. Big thanks to Grant Evans for the sound. ",China
" Grant Evans ",China
" 622439 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" Sound of thunder crackling through the air followed by a large thunder clap and then some echoes as the sounds bounce around. ",China
" Mike Koenig ",China
" 597816 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" 1 of 3 thunder or lightning strikes that were recorded very clean and crisp during a very strong summer storm. ",China
" Mike Koenig ",China
" 492883 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" 2 of 3 thunder or lightning strikes that were recorded very clean and crisp during a very strong summer storm. ",China
" Mike Koenig ",China
" 488638 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" The Perfect Thunder Storm sound effect. Great lightning and thunder. Clean crisp loud.. and free. ",China
" Mike Koenig ",China
" 452135 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" The sound of a lightning bolt or thunder in the distance. Recorded during a summer rainstorm Aug 2009. ",China
" Mike Koenig ",China
" 388569 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" Created by Mark DiAngelo. I recorded this one a while ago. It is rain without backround noise. ",China
" Mark DiAngelo ",China
" 373394 4 5 ",China
" Attr Noncommercial 3.0 ",China
" Thunder Wind Rain Frogs Owl Wolf. Very complex sound bed. Big thanks to Natboy for the audio. ",China
" Natboy ",China
" 346321 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" Cool sound of rain and thunder strikes. 2 thunder bolts with light rain as a background. ",China
" Mike Koenig ",China
" 298938 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" 3 of 3 thunder or lightning strikes that were recorded very clean and crisp during a very strong summer storm. ",China
" Mike Koenig ",China
" 225732 4 5 ",China
" Personal Use Only ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" AWWW heres another sound for you guys to toy with. another storm hit and i was there with my mic. Thanks again to Mark for another sound    ",China
" Mark DiAngelo ",China
" 202901 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" A great explosion or blast sound for a movie or game sound effect. One large blast of great sound quality. ",China
" Mike Koenig ",China
" 191627 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" Lol i literally just breathed into a mic. do whatever the heck you want with it. Thanks again to Mark for another sound    ",China
" Mark DiAngelo ",China
" 143119 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" This clip details a few different thunder strike sounds. One even has that type of thunder that strikes and then you hear it echo back the original clap but only backwards. ",China
" Mike Koenig ",China
" 138890 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" Great rain or raining sound effect. Medium size rainstorm sound effect with small rumbling thunder in distance. ",China
" Mike Koenig ",China
" 117910 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" An exploding barrel sound effect great for a war or battle scene. Everyone needs an exploding barrel sound now and then right     ",China
" BlastwaveFx.com ",China
" 110824 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" Recording of thunder and lightning sounds from a recent spring or early summer rain storm. ",China
" Mike Koenig ",China
" 99051 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" I made this sound completely. I left my mic on for god knows how long and edited a short little lightning strike. Enjoy. Big thanks to Mark from SoundBible.com for another great sound effect. ",China
" Mark DiAngelo ",China
" 98301 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" A bit og light rain and a lightning bolt with thunder crack sound effect in distance. ",China
" Mike Koenig ",China
" 85263 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" A nice lightning strike during a recent storm at our house. Very crisp and clear. ",China
" Mike Koenig ",China
" 83685 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" Its a storm with two thunderbolts striking. The low or bass end is very thin so this sound should only be used on something that would be played back on pc or laptop speakers. Thanks to Tim for the sound  ",China
" Tim ",China
" 80755 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" Some large ficticious monster growling and sounding really evil. Great for a dungeon or scary scene or game. Scare the kids at Halloween  ",China
" Mike Koenig ",China
" 74714 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" An average or medium size rainstorm or lightning storm. Very calming and relaxing really. ",China
" Mike Koenig ",China
" 69680 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" The sound of a lightning bolt or thunder in the distance with light rain. Recorded during a summer rainstorm Aug 2009. ",China
" Mike Koenig ",China
" 69100 4 5 ",China
" Attribution 3.0 ",China
" Sound of mortar blast hitting 2x in stereo. One on left and the other on the right further away. Great for battle or war scenes. ",China
" The Thirlestane Castle Ride Scotland ",China
" This week long itinerary is THE perfect combination of quality time in the saddle and quintessential Scottish experiences. The pipes are calling and the Scottish Borders await  ",China
" Does your heart race at the thought of seeing Scotland s legendary countryside from between two pricked ears and a windswept mane  Does the idea of calling a 16th century castle home for a week make your eyes bulge  Then make no mistake  the pipes the pipes are calling and the Scottish Borders await  This week long itinerary is THE perfect combination of quality time in the saddle and quintessential Scottish experiences. ",China
" Your equestrian guide Susy  from our popular Scottish Borders Ride  will lead you through new and astoundingly beautiful landscapes every day from wild windy moors to postcard worthy farmland criss crossed with ancient stone walls. Susy has an EPIC team of horses and all abilities are catered for on this trip. Whether you re an experienced rider eager to pop over a few cross country jumps or a beginner wishing to improve your skills in an awe inspiring yet safe environment rest assured this ride will exceed your expectations. ",China
" As for Thirlestane Castle we ll leave a few secrets for your hosts Edward and Sarah Maitland Carew to reveal over the course of your time together  but we will tell you this much  it s been the home of the Maitland family for over 400 years and your five star accommodation in the South Wing apartments will have you picking your jaw up off the ground. You ll have plenty of time to explore this incredible castle during the week as well as ample opportunities to discover the history filled vibrant communities dotted across the Borders. There s so much culture history and downright gobsmacking scenery to take in here and to absorb it all astride a willing plucky steed is a privilege like no other. ",China
" All those in favour say  och aye   ",China
" Fast Facts ",China
" Horse Breed A mixture of Irish Draughts Irish Cobs Irish Sport Horses and Connemaras.  Please note you can expect to ride a variety of horses throughout your holiday. ",China
" Pace The pace is variable depending on the nature of the terrain but riders will enjoy long stretches of trotting and cantering. ",China
" Weight Limit A maximum of 95kg   209lbs. ",China
" Type of tack English all purpose saddles. ",China
" Seasons August   November. ",China
" Group size A minimum and maximum of 10 riding guests. Non riders may join the off horse activities with the entire group size being no more than 16. ",China
" Time in Saddle On average between 2 to 6 hours daily. ",China
" Riding Ability Suitable for all riding abilities.  Beginner riders are expected to be confident rising posting to the trot and learning to canter. You MUST be confident to ride in an English all purpose saddle. Riding groups will be split according to ability so everyone feels comfortable.   Should you wish to take part in the Lauderdale Hunt meet  November departure  you will need to be a strong intermediate advanced rider. Not sure what your riding experience is  Watch THIS video to find out. ",China
" Accommodation You will be staying at the magnificent 16th century Thirlestane Castle. set in a quiet meadow landscape on the outskirts of Lauder in the Scottish Borders a charming town just over half an hour from the south of Edinburgh. Thirlestane Castle is one of the oldest and finest inhabited castles in Scotland. You ll be accommodated in the South Wing of the castle which consists of eight bedrooms split into five apartments with exceptional views of the parkland and estate. The rooms have been decorated in a classic but contemporary style and finished to a five star standard. You ll have the opportunity to dine in the castle s portrait lined State Dining Room and the rustic Victorian Kitchen looked after by award winning caterers. Each apartment also has its own kitchen and sitting room should you wish to relax and make yourself a cup of tea after a long day of riding or sight seeing. PLEASE NOTE  There are 2x twin share rooms and 6x single rooms available. These will be assigned by preference on a first come first served basis. ",China
" Ride Length 7 days 6 nights with 6 riding days. ",China
" Inclusions  ",China
" The price includes all riding activities accommodation in a Castle meals  with the exception of 1x lunch and 2x dinners within the itinerary  private tour of the Castle and housekeeping every second day. ",China
" Exclusions  ",China
" The price does not include international flights travel insurance  compulsory  all transfers alcohol  BYO is welcome or you can purchase from the Castle s cellar  2x dinners and 1x lunch additional activities on the estate  e.g. spa treatments  and a tour of the Borders  if required . If you have booked on a departure date that involves hunting please note the hunting cap is not included and will be payable direct to the Hunt Secretary. ",China
" DEPARTURE DATES   RATES ",China
" NEW  Secure your saddle seat NOW with a 10  deposit   as part of our 10x 10  payment plan  ",China
"  There are 2x twin share rooms and 6x single rooms available. These will be assigned by preference on a first come first served basis. ",China
" PLEASE NOTE  The November departure will see you participating in the Lauderdale Hunt Club s Opening Meet on the final day of your ride should you wish. There is the option of enjoying a hack in the surrounding countryside if jumping and hunting is not your choice of activities today. ",China
" WHAT IS INCLUDED IN THE PRICE  The price includes all riding activities accommodation in a Castle meals  with the exception of 1x lunch and 2x dinners within the itinerary  private tour of the Castle and housekeeping every second day. ",China
" WHAT IS NOT INCLUDED IN THE PRICE  The price does not include international flights travel insurance  compulsory  all transfers alcohol  BYO is welcome or you can purchase from the Castle s cellar  2x dinners and 1x lunch additional activities on the estate  e.g. spa treatments  and a tour of the Borders  if required . If you have booked on a departure date that involves hunting please note the hunting cap is not included and will be payable direct to the Hunt Secretary. ",China
" Accepted payment is by credit or debit card only. There is a 2  surcharge on all card payments. Click HERE to read our recommendations on which cards are best to use to avoid international transaction fees. ",China
" WHY IS THE PRICE QUOTED IN GBP  With our riding destinations the currency is dictated by our ride partner in that country. Therefore due to fluctuating exchange rates we have to quote in the same currency. ",China
" Itinerary ",China
" Please note this is a suggested itinerary only and subject to change at the discretion of your guides due to weather and other influencing factors. ",China
" Day 1 ",China
" Don your tartan and fasten your seatbelts globetrotters because today you re driving to the Scottish Borders  A land where the rolling hills shimmer in the dappled ever changing light and the rousing music of the pipes still seems to echo across the valleys the Borders will amaze you from the first moment you lay eyes on it. ",China
" You ll need to arrive at Thirlestane Castle  yes you re staying in a 16th century castle   by 12 30pm. Here your hosts Edward and Sarah Maitland Carew will give you a true Scottish welcome involving afternoon tea  and cake   in the panelled dining room. Then there s time to settle into your room take a stroll around the gorgeous grounds of the estate or perhaps even play a game of croquet on the front lawn before changing into your riding clothes. ",China
" At 2 30pm you ll head out to meet Susy and her gorgeous team of horses. Once you ve been paired with your steed you ll head off on a three hour trail ride through the sublimely beautiful countryside surrounding the estate. By the time you dismount you ll feel a strong connection to both the Borders and your horse. ",China
" Dinner tonight is a relaxed affair in Thirlestane s rustic Victorian Kitchen. The sharing menu will allow you to sample the talented chefs  delicious and varied offerings. Then you re free to enjoy the evening as you wish before sinking contentedly into bed. ",China
" Day 2 ",China
" Waking up in your five star apartment in the South Wing of Thirlestane Castle the dream continues as you saunter out to breakfast   a jaw dropping affair featuring a huge range of sweet savoury cooked and continental options. Not to worry though you ll soon work it off with a ride around the estate  Susy will discuss the route options with you to ensure that everyone s needs and desires are catered for and those who wish to pop over a few hunt jumps will have ample opportunity to do so. ",China
" Afterwards a lunch of soup and sandwiches will be served at the castle then you ll have a few hours to enjoy however you please. ",China
" The piercing sound of the bagpipes will summon you to the state drawing room this evening where the Castle s piper will give you a true Scottish welcome while you sit back and enjoy a tipple. Then you ll enter the lavish state dining room for a feast that s as Scottish as Billy Connolly. Your hosts will even toast the haggis   a tradition involving reading poetry to the freshly cooked haggis before digging in  ",China
" Day 3 ",China
" After another filling breakfast at the Castle you ll jump in your car and head to the beach  about a 50min drive from Thirlestane . Yes that s right Globetrotters today you ll get to explore the Scottish coastline from the back of your horse. Let s hope the Scottish sun is shining because John Muir Country Park is an unspoilt haven where farmland kisses the sea   perfect for long beach canters and wading in the shallows. ",China
" After your ride you might wish to slip up into Dunbar and have a drink at Winterfield golf club perched atop the hillside with beautiful views over the beach and surrounding national park. Then you ll need to zoom back to Thirlestane where you ll be treated to a private guided tour of the castle with your host Edward Maitland Carew. The stories and secrets within these walls will astound you and you ll come away with a new appreciation for your surrounds. ",China
" This evening you re free to spend it however you wish. We recommend heading into the local village of Lauder for dinner at a traditional Scottish pub  dinner and transport tonight is not included in the ride price   but the pay off is the chance to totally immerse yourself in local life . Your hosts at the Castle Sarah and Edward will be able to offer some wonderful recommendations for you to try   just ask  ",China
" Day 4 ",China
" After your big night out you ll be able to sleep in this morning then enjoy a late breakfast while mulling over your options for the day. If you wish you can ride out with Susy in the late morning or you can take the entire day off. Lunch today is not included in the ride price and can be enjoyed at your leisure. ",China
" Although there is plenty to do at the Castle if you ve chosen to have a rest day off the horse then we highly recommend making the most of your hire car  if you ve opted for this  and touring the Borders. Local attractions include the towns of Melrose Hawick and Jedburgh The Rosslyn Chapel and plenty of tweed and cashmere mills and shops to satisfy both the craftsperson and the avid shopper. Your costs for the day are at your own expense but your hosts Edward and Sarah are more than happy to help you design the perfect day out. Everyone at the Castle is a wealth of knowledge so don t hesitate to ask for advice and recommendations  ",China
" You ll regroup at Thirlestane in the evening and depending on the weather dinner will be either a barbeque in the courtyard or another laid back meal in the Victorian Kitchen. ",China
" Day 5 ",China
" Today Susy s team will take you riding on the Castle moor a rugged wild landscape where your horse s surefootedness will really come into play. You ll tuck into lunch in a bothy   a small wooden hut on the moor where the isolation and starkness of winters gone by is very easily imagined. ",China
" After riding back to the Castle  with opportunities to canter along the way  the afternoon is yours   enjoy the cosy lounge room and beautiful outlook of your apartment squeeze in a few more games of croquet or perhaps take a leisurely drive through the countryside. ",China
" Tonight there is the option to take the train from Stow to Edinburgh for a tasty meal and a wander through this enchanting city  at your own expense . If you wish to do so you ll need to be ready to leave in the early evening. You can self drive to Stow railway station or catch a taxi and train tickets can be bought onboard. And for those who fancy a quiet night in a beautiful home baked meal is on offer for around  15 per person ready for you to pop in the oven in your apartment s fully equipped kitchen. ",China
" Day 6 ",China
" For your last day of riding Susy is taking you out onto Lauder Common. Here you ll traverse the Common Ride trails and the thunder of galloping hooves and the cry of the pipes will seem to echo over the stonewalled hills. Those who wish to canter will have ample opportunity to loosen the reins and fly across the plush green fields while the rest carry on at slower pace. Dismounting at the top of a hill you ll savour a picnic lunch  provided by the amazing team at the Castle  while taking in the gorgeous views over Lauderdale and Thirlestane. Then you ll get back in the saddle one last time and ride back to the estate where you ll say a fond farewell to the horse who has carried you on your Scottish journey. ",China
" A final gala dinner will be prepared for you tonight with drinks sipped in the state drawing room and your meal served in the state dining room. Then you ll retire to your apartment to dream of the week s incredible adventures. ",China
"   NB  On the November 2021 departure today s ride will be participating in the Opening Meet of the Lauderdale Hunt which is held at Thirlestane. Cap fees are not included in the ride price. For those of you who wish not to participate in the hunt or whose jumping skills are not quite up to scratch there is the option of riding around the jumps or a member of Susy s team can take you on a trail ride instead. ",China
" Day 7 ",China
" This morning you ll enjoy one last delicious breakfast at Thirlestane before checking out. You ll bid a fond farewell to Edward Sarah and the Castle team say goodbye to your fellow globetrotters  who have no doubt become firm friends  and head off on your merry way through this now familiar patch of Scottish paradise. Haste ye back globetrotters  ",China
" Transfers ",China
" We recommend flying to Edinburgh as this is the closest international airport to where this ride is based. Then there are two options when it comes to transfers for this ride   either hiring a car or opting for the taxi transfer service arranged by your ride hosts. ",China
" With a hire car you ll have the freedom to explore local towns and historical attractions in your down time. ",China
" Alternatively you can opt for a transfer service at  125 GBP per person  min 3 guests required . This includes round trip transfers from Edinburgh Airport on the first and last day of the itinerary  specific pick up drop off times apply  as well as a transfer to the beach near Dunbar on the day you ride there. Please note this option does NOT include any other transfers whether that be to a local restaurant pub in a nearby town on the nights you re free to spend at your leisure or to a local hunt meet should you wish to take part in one during your stay. You will be required to catch a taxi if so desired. ",China
" Globetrotting is happy to provide a competitive quote on international flights travel insurance car hire  if required  and accommodation before and after your ride. ",China
" Non Riders ",China
" This itinerary is suitable for non riders who have their own car   the region is ripe with history and Thirlestane Castle is a suitable base for a number of day trips around the area. Be sure to liaise with your hosts Edward and Sarah for some Scottish inspired activities. The non rider price consists of all standard inclusions in the rider package  i.e. meals accommodation extra activities within the itinerary etc.  minus the riding element. ",China
" Gallery ",China
" STORIES FROM THE SADDLE ",China
" If you re booked on one of our rides in Scotland The Thirlestane Castle Ride or The Scottish ... ",China
" Gerard Schmid has always loved horse riding as a way to stay active spend time with his daughters ... ",China
" So you ve booked yourself a spot on the Scottish Borders Ride Scotland. I m so excited for ... ",China
" Name of breed  Irish Sport Horse  also known as the Irish Hunter  Country of origin  Ireland Breed origin  ... ",China
" Name of breed  Irish Draught Country of origin  Ireland Breed origin  The history of the Irish Draught dates ... ",China
" Name of breed  Connemara Country of origin  Ireland Breed origin  Named after the Connemara region in County Galway ... ",China
" Name of breed  Gypsy Horse  also called the Gypsy Cob Gypsy Vanner Irish Cob Romany Tinker and Traditional ... ",China
" HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS RIDE OR WHICH IS MOST SUITABLE FOR YOU  ",China
" Download Factsheet ",China
" Download Factsheet ",China
" First Name  ",China
" Last Name  ",China
" Email  ",China
" Love Globetrotting and want to top up on wanderlust  Want to be the first to know about new season departure dates  Saddle up below to ride along with our newsletter. ",China
" Yes  ",China
" Email ",China
" This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. ",China
" We use cookies to offer you a better experience. By continuing to use this website you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy. ",China
" Accept cookies We use cookies to make your browsing experience better. By using our site you agree to our use of cookies ",China
" Thunder and lightning ",China
" Thunder and lightning is a potential hazard which should be taken seriously when walking outdoors. It s wise to familiarise yourself with what to do if you encounter a thunderstorm. ",China
" Direct lightning strikes are rare. Partial strikes are more common either through induction from a nearby object or from the ground. Reducing surface contact with the ground or object will reduce the power of the strike. ",China
" Here are some safety tips to reduce the risks  ",China
" Plan ahead. Always check the weather forecast before starting a walk. We recommend checking the Met Office and Mountain Weather Information Service. If storms are forecast consider cancelling the walk or altering the route to one at a lower elevation or on less exposed ground. Be especially cautious after a prolonged period of high humidity. ",China
" Monitor the weather. Weather forecasts are mainly accurate but they can t always predict the exact time and location of storms. Keep an eye on the build up of clouds   if they start to become menacing it s time to review your plans. On warm days the danger will increase during the day as the heat builds. ",China
" Be aware. As a storm approaches its distance can be estimated by measuring the time between lightning flashes and the rumble of thunder. Lighting appears almost simultaneously while thunder travels at 1 km per 3 seconds. So a three second delay between lightning and thunder means that the storm is about 1 km away  a six second delay means that the storm is about 2 km away. ",China
" Lose height first. If you get caught by an approaching storm try to put higher ground between you and the storm. Lightning strikes are more frequent on summits and other projections because lightning takes the shortest route to earth. The higher and more exposed you are the greater the danger. Only descend if it s safe to do so  scrambling quickly on uneven terrain can be particularly hazardous in rainfall. ",China
" Find a safe place. It s safest to find the lowest open ground rather than taking shelter in caves or under trees   these will put you at risk if struck by lightning as the lightning takes the quickest route to the ground. Ideally crouch or sit on the ground and aim to ensure that there is higher ground above you. ",China
" Minimise contact with the ground and any conducting objects. Ideally crouch or sit upright on top of insulating material such as rucksacks or sleeping mats with hands on knees rather than touching the ground. Although they don t significantly increase the risk of attracting a strike it s wise to lay metal items aside until the storm passes e.g. tools or walking poles. Avoid metal fences. If in a group try to space out slightly. ",China
" Help others. It is safe to touch someone who has been struck by lightning and provide them with CPR and First Aid. Anyone struck by lightning should always seek medical advice. ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing  200  560   DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for  1.5 1.8  secs. ",China
" The Thunder God  TG  is a Legendary Hero that uses melee attacks. His Skill Thunderstorm strikes a random target  will hit any enemies in the blast radius  dealing damage and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 seconds. In Raids Dungeons and Here Be Monsters most players find the Thunder God to be a valuable asset to their army due to his high damaging area of effect  AOE  procs. ",China
" Thunderstorm will continue to hit the same target until that target has been destroyed. In battles Thunderstorm will usually target the Town Hall if Thunder God is near. If he s far from the Town Hall Thunderstorm will target Heroes and Army Camps. ",China
" Contents ",China
" Details ",China
" Description ",China
" Max. Targets ",China
" Upgrade Points ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 200  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 5 ",China
" 2 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 230  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 7 ",China
" 2000 ",China
" 3 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 260  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 9 ",China
" 10000 ",China
" 4 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 290  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 11 ",China
" 30000 ",China
" 5 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 320  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 13 ",China
" 70000 ",China
" 6 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 350  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 15 ",China
" 120000 ",China
" 7 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 380  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 17 ",China
" 200000 ",China
" 8 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 410  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 19 ",China
" 500000 ",China
" 9 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 440  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 21 ",China
" 800000 ",China
" 10 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 470  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 23 ",China
" 1600000 ",China
" 11 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 500  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.8 secs. Also increases Thunder Gods ATK SPD by 30  for 5 secs. ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 530  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.8 secs. Also increases Thunder Gods ATK SPD by 30  for 5 secs. ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 560  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.8 secs. Also increases Thunder Gods ATK SPD by 30  for 5 secs. ",China
" The skill descriptions are as they have appeared in the game. They may have been inaccurate or incomplete. Please read hero s description and any added  notes  for more information. ",China
" Totem ",China
" Detailed statistics of the Thunder God s Skill for Totems. ",China
" Level ",China
" Description ",China
" Max. Targets ",China
" 1 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 200  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 5 ",China
" 2 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 230  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 7 ",China
" 3 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 260  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 9 ",China
" 4 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 290  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 11 ",China
" 5 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 320  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 13 ",China
" 6 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 350  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 15 ",China
" 7 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 380  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 17 ",China
" 8 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 410  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 19 ",China
" 9 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 440  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 21 ",China
" 10 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 470  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.5 secs. ",China
" 23 ",China
" 11 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 500  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.8 secs. Also increases Thunder Gods ATK SPD by 30  for 5 secs. ",China
"   ",China
" 12 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 530  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.8 secs. Also increases Thunder Gods ATK SPD by 30  for 5 secs. ",China
"   ",China
" 13 13 ",China
" Lightning strikes a random target dealing 560  DMG and inflicting Coma to all nearby enemies for 1.8 secs. Also increases Thunder Gods ATK SPD by 30  for 5 secs. ",China
"   ",China
" Max level of Hero Totem is currently 8. ",China
" Stats ",China
" Basic detailed statistics  DMG HP MOV SPD and Might  by level for the hero Thunder God. ",China
"   Shown Might is based on Skill and Talent at Level 1 and excludes inscription  ",China
" These additional mights will be subject to  2 variation depending upon the hero s level due to rounding variations with each hero level. ",China
" Evo1 ",China
" Basic first evolution detailed statistics  DMG HP MOV SPD and Might  by level for the hero Thunder God. ",China
"   Shown Might is based on Skill and Talent at Level 1 and excludes inscription  ",China
" These additional mights will be subject to  2 variation depending upon the hero s level due to rounding variations with each hero level. ",China
" Evo2 ",China
" Basic second evolution detailed statistics  DMG HP MOV SPD and Might  by level for the hero Thunder God. ",China
"   Shown Might is based on Skill and Talent at Level 1 and excludes inscription  ",China
" These additional mights will be subject to  2 variation depending upon the hero s level due to rounding variations with each hero level. ",China
" Inscription ",China
" Inscription showing the extra DMG HP and might added to the hero ontop of its existing stats as e well as costs. ",China
" Recommended Talents ",China
" Below are up to six recommended Talents for the Hero based on the Hero s type stats and skill. ",China
" Because thunderstorm kills very fast you want to use it over and over again to eliminate all units without the need to face them head on. Also increases damage per second. ",China
" Thunder God makes his introduction by killing a fourth of the enemys army with his first attack. ",China
" Because of his movement speed it s most likely to end up being focused first   this talent helps to avoid a certain death once. ",China
" Has a 10  chance to inflict Coma for X sec on target when attacking. ",China
" Challenge a Boss Arena ",China
" Stunning enemies will allow Thunder God to build up his skill again this can also lead to a chain stun. ",China
" Hero Trivia ",China
" Thunder god most likely refers to Thor  1  of Norse mythology although one blind eye and white beard resemble his father Odin  2 . Thor wields the thunder hammer Mj lnir  3  and he s most well known for his fight against the j tnar or Frost Giants. ",China
" Thunder Rumble Sound Effect ",China
" Description  Thunder rumble sound effect. Ominous and scary. Rumbling thunder recorded in countryside setting. Storm sounds free mp3 download. Best online SFX library. Genres  Sound Effects Artist  Alexander ",China
" This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We ll assume you re ok with this but you can opt out if you wish. Cookie settingsAccept ",China
" Privacy   Cookies Policy ",China
" Close ",China
" Privacy Overview ",China
" This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. ",China
" Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. ",China
" News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media news education and information services. ",China
" Follow The Sun ",China
" Top Tory calls for urgent investigation into  Puma of Pontybodkin  prowling Welsh countryside  before someone gets hurt  ",China
" Joe Duggan ",China
" Feb 25 2021 6 16 ET ",China
" Joe Duggan ",China
" Invalid Date ",China
" A TOP Tory has called for an urgent investigation into sightings of a puma prowling the Welsh countryside before someone gets hurt. ",China
" Darren Millar said the multiple reports of a big cat dubbed the Puma of Pontybodkin are a real concern. ",China
" In the latest sighting a mystery big cat believed to be larger than a sheep was spotted close to where the beast is feared to be stalking. ",China
" The large black creature spotted in Trelogan Flintshire was described as the size of a sheep and possibly even bigger as it roamed through a field. ",China
" And multiple sightings have been reported of a large puma like creature skulking ground near the I m A Celebrity castle in the Welsh hills. ",China
" Mr Millar Clwyd West s Senedd representative urged the Welsh Parliament to launch an immediate probe into the worrying sightings. ",China
"  REAL WORRY  ",China
" He said  You ll be aware that in north east Wales there have been a spate of sightings of big cats in the Welsh countryside in recent months. ",China
" Many members of the farming community in particular are concerned about the impact that these may have on their livestock in the future. ",China
" He added  It is a real worry that seven years on we are still getting reports of big cats being spotted in our countryside here in North Wales. ",China
" A thorough investigation is therefore needed urgently before someone is hurt or worse.  ",China
" The most recent incident was filmed by shocked onlooker Jonathan Terry   who was amazed after seeing the animal close to his home. ",China
" A monitoring group called Puma Watch North Wales was set up after a series of mystery sheep killings across the countryside. ",China
" Jonathan reported the sighting to the group after being able to film it from two fields away. ",China
" He said  I saw it out of the corner of my eye through the kitchen window overlooking the fields behind the house. ",China
" I saw it out of the corner of my eye through the kitchen window overlooking the fields behind the house. ",China
" Jonathan Terry ",China
" Filmed as I have been reading about these sightings and it looked far too big to be a regular cat and was more like the size of a sheep or possibly bigger. ",China
" During the footage Jonathan says  That s massive. ",China
" A woman can be heard saying  It is massive because obviously you can see it from here. It s stalking something. ",China
" It is the latest sighting of an apparent big cat in the north Wales countryside. ",China
" In January witnesses described seeing a large cat roughly the size of a Labrador  walking along a busy road near Talacre Flintshire. ",China
" It followed other sightings of a black dog sized  cat 20 miles away in Pontybodkin. ",China
" One was reported by terrified Toby Matthews who said he came face to face with a big cat while walking through woodland at night. ",China
" He recalled  Maybe 50 or 60 feet away was an enormous black cat looking right at me. ",China
" I took a photo then turned around and quickly walked back. I wanted to start running but was worried it d give chase. ",China
" I m convinced that it was a puma. It was about two or three times the size of my little Labrador. ",China
" Tony Jones of Puma Watch North Wales said the most recent sighting was within two miles of other recent reports of apparent big cats. ",China
" Most read in News ",China
" NAKED MILE ",China
" Moment naked man is chased by cops through streets of London ",China
" FUNERAL FOR A PRINCESS ",China
" Hundreds of mourners pay their respects to teen Lucy Candlish ",China
" PRAY FOR THEM ",China
" TEEN TRAGEDY ",China
" LIFT THE LID ",China
" Meghan and Harry to  shine a light on tensions  with Royals in Oprah interview ",China
" KNIFE TERROR ",China
" Knifewoman whispered  sorry princess  as she knifed pal tied to bed 18 times ",China
" He said  Big cats such as pumas are solitary with a hunting range of dozens of miles. ",China
" Reports of sightings in urban locations some distance from these areas are becoming more frequent. ",China
" It s likely that the reduced levels of human activity over the last year is encouraging big cats to roam further from the hills into more populated areas. ",China
" Comments are subject to our community guidelines which can be viewed here. ",China
" I m A Celebrity will swap Australian bush for haunted Gwrych Castle ",China
" There ll be no showering under a waterfall in a bikini for the stars of this year s I m A Celebrity as they will be setting up camp in a haunted Welsh castle. ",China
" Producers are swapping the Australian bush for the UK   and Conwy s Gwrych Castle has topped the list. ",China
" The castle has more of a chequered history in its 200 year old walls than any star to have graced the tabloids. ",China
" So what could be in store for the celebrities on their 250 acre camp  ",China
" From King of the Jungle to Queen of the Castle ",China
" Gwrych Castle meaning Hedge Castle in Welsh was built on the site of a late medieval fortress near Abergele between 1812 and 1822 by Lloyd Hesketh Bamford Hesketh as a memorial to his mother s ancestors the Lloyds of Gwrych ",China
" Family legend has it that the first hedge was planted in Wales here   hence the name ",China
" The ghost of the Countess of Dundonald is said to prowl the castle ruins after reported sightings of an angry woman in white ",China
" During World War Two the castle was used by the government to house 200 Jewish refugee children who had fled the Nazis. ",China
" In 1946 it was sold by the Dundonald family ending nearly 1000 years of family ownership. ",China
" It was the backdrop for boxer Randolph Turpin in 1951 as he set up his training camp before beating Sugar Ray Robinson to become world middleweight champion. Turpin also met his wife   the daughter of a local farmer   while training for the fight. ",China
" The castle was opened to visitors and was known as the showpiece of Wales. There was also once a private zoo with a baboon and bear with the castle also displaying classic cars and hosting bike rallies. ",China
" After being sold in 1989 the Grade I listed castle began to fall into decline. ",China
" Saved by a schoolboy ",China
" Gwrych was saved by 12 year old schoolboy Mark Baker who launched a campaign in 1997 to save the derelict folly writing to then Prime Minister Tony Blair and Prince Charles. ",China
" He formed Gwrych Castle Preservation Trust to raise awareness of its history and the trust finally bought the castle in 2018. ",China
" Every day I walked past on my way to school and would marvel at this castle   it was just somewhere magical and seemed so impressive with its 18 towers he has said. ",China
" What s on the menu for the Bushtucker trial  ",China
" Richard Prideaux a wilderness skills instructor from Ruthin teaching survival foraging and bushcraft told BBC Wales the castle location would pose a very different set of challenges to the famous contestants of I m A Celebrity s 20th series. ",China
" Temperature is probably going to be one of the biggest ones. It s the other side of the world different hemisphere it s going to be heading into winter here so north Wales coast   wet windy cold   it depends how much time they re going to be standing around he said. ",China
" Hanging around or showering in a waterfall in a bikini   I don t know how much of that is going to happen in November in north Wales. ",China
"  Crypts and things  ",China
" And with kangaroos and scorpions in scant supply what native wildlife could the celebrities be finding in their camp or on their dinner plate  ",China
" In terms of native wildlife I don t think there s going to be much of a threat. You might get an angry badger wandering through camp causing problems but in terms of insects and snakes and things like that there s not really anything on the hills of Abergele that I think are going to cause them many problems. ",China
" Actress Vicki Michelle who appeared on the show in 2014 suggested that producers may look to more medieval methods than jungle japes this year. ",China
" Stocks   you know when people put them in stocks and throw things at them   and then put them on the rack she told BBC Radio Wales. ",China
" And obviously they ll have crypts and things so you ll get the coffin thing which was horrendous. ",China
" We noticed that you re using an unsupported browser. The Tripadvisor website may not display properly.We support the following browsers  Windows  Internet Explorer Mozilla Firefox Google Chrome. Mac  Safari. ",China
" Storm Castle Retreat   2 cozy cabins surrounded by national forest ",China
" Two beautifully renovated cabins on 12 acres completely surrounded by national forest. Less than one hour from Bozeman or Big Sky a year round creek flows through the property with endless fishing hiking biking and Motorsport activities possible from right on site. Ideal spot for family reunions weddings outdoor parties etc. Cabins do not have running water and a shared outhouse is used for bathrooms....Two beautifully renovated cabins on 12 acres completely surrounded by national forest. Less than one hour from Bozeman or Big Sky a year round creek flows through the property with endless fishing hiking biking and Motorsport activities possible from right on site. Ideal spot for family reunions weddings outdoor parties etc. Cabins do not have running water and a shared outhouse is used for bathrooms.More ",China
" I couldn t have asked for more when it came to what I was looking for. I needed a vacation surrounded by peace and serenity. This was a beautifully set place with no distraction what so ever. Cabins were beautiful. Scenery was stunning. I got to...More ",China
" Date of stay  July 2017 ",China
" Thank Jonni M ",China
" Storm C VR Owner at Storm Castle Retreat   2 cozy cabins surrounded by national forest responded to this reviewResponded September 21 2017 ",China
" We are so glad you enjoyed your stay  We hope to see you again soon  ",China
" Cabins were well maintained the owners are friendly and accommodating. The view and location is incredible   I love it and will be back again  ",China
" Date of stay  August 2016 ",China
" Thank wardblair ",China
" Management response Responded March 30 2017 ",China
" Thank you for the review. We are happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay and hope to see you again soon  ",China
" Storm Castle Retreat is close to it all but secluded and quite. You can hear the creek all night long take a walk in any direction this a getaway that heals and inspires. Big Sky and Bozeman are both within a half hour. Yellowstone national...More ",China
" Date of stay  September 2016 ",China
" Thank grlzluvdirt ",China
" zachmontano VR Owner at Storm Castle Retreat   2 cozy cabins surrounded by national forest responded to this reviewResponded March 29 2017 ",China
" Thank you so much for the review  We are very pleased to hear that you enjoyed your stay and hope to see you back soon  ",China
" Located in the heart of the Gallatin National Forest and less than an hour from the Yellowstone Park boundary  This is a private inholding within the national forest so the closest neighbor is over 8 miles away. Only a few miles down the dirt road to the Gallatin River blue ribbon trout fishery and at the base of the 10000 ft Hyalite Mountain range. If you plan on hiking mountain biking fly fishing dirt biking etc on your Montana vacation this is the place to stay  ",China
" Getting around ",China
" The location is very remote and you will need a personal vehicle to access the property. ",China
" Earn money by renting out your home. With no up front fees and no contract you keep more for yourself. ",China
" Easy to manage ",China
" Confirm bookings in one click and track everything from inquiry to check out   even while you re on the go. ",China
" Trusted by travelers ",China
" With millions of reviews and protected online payments Tripadvisor helps travelers book your home with confidence. ",China
" Describing settings using personification ",China
" Describing settings using personification ",China
" Learning focus ",China
" three activities ",China
" Learn ",China
" A setting is where and when a story takes place. ",China
" For example in a forest in a castle at school or in space. ",China
" Watch this short video to learn more about settings and how you can use them in your writing. ",China
" Settings need to be described in detail so that the reader can imagine clearly where a story is happening. ",China
" Asking yourself these questions will help you when describing settings  ",China
" What is the setting like  ",China
" What time of day is it  day time or night time  ",China
" How does the setting impact the characters  ",China
" Can you picture the setting clearly in your own mind  ",China
" Being confident in your answers to these questions will make describing your setting to the reader much easier. ",China
" Personification ",China
" Personification is a technique in writing that you can use to make your descriptions more exciting and imaginative. ",China
" Watch this video to understand better what personification is and how you can use it yourself. ",China
" Personification makes sentences more exciting by  ",China
" describing objects as if they are people ",China
" describing objects as if they have feelings ",China
" For example  ",China
" The rain stomped angrily on the fragile roof like a grumpy giant. ",China
" The snow painted delicate white pictures on the ground as it fell gently from the sky. ",China
" In these examples rain and snow are described as doing things that people would normally do    stomped angrily  and  painted . ",China
" Describing things in this way helps to bring settings to life. ",China
" When used as part of a setting description examples of personification also help to set the mood of a scene. ",China
" In the first example above we can imagine a very dark and angry mood but in the second example the mood feels light and peaceful. ",China
" Practise ",China
" You may need paper and a pen or pencil for some of these activities. ",China
" Activity 1 ",China
" Can you match the object to the personified description  ",China
" Personification can be used to create feelings within the reader about the item being described. ",China
" Look at this example  ",China
" The wind bullied the trees. ",China
" Using personification here makes the reader feel sorry for the trees   the wind is being described as a bully so this helps the reader to form a particular image or opinion of the wind in their mind. ",China
" How does the personification in Activity 1 make you feel towards the sun  ",China
" How about the stairs  ",China
" Activity 2 ",China
" Can you complete this setting description activity using personification as a technique in your writing  ",China
" 1. Imagine you are watching someone film a dust storm in Australia. ",China
" 2. Think about what the person could see while they were filming and how they might be feeling. You could use the photograph below as inspiration. ",China
" 3. Write three sentences that use personification to describe  ",China
" what the person filming could see ",China
" or ",China
" how the person was feeling as they filmed ",China
" For example  ",China
" The dust swallowed everything in its path like a hungry monster. ",China
" Beads of nervous sweat swam down the woman s forehead as she filmed. ",China
" Activity 3 ",China
" Choose one of the five senses  hearing sight smell taste or touch . Now write a sentence about the dust storm setting using that sense and personification. ",China
" For example  ",China
" The taste of dust leapt around the man s mouth as he braved the dust storm. ",China
" Where next  ",China
" In this lesson you have learned about writing a setting description using personification. ",China
" There are other useful articles on Bitesize to help you to understand more about descriptive writing  ",China