" Kommentar ",Germany
" COMMENTS  QUESTIONS  ",Germany
" Email  ",Germany
" Comment  ",Germany
"  I know that I have a right to information about my data as well as a right to their correction deletion or anonymization. ",Germany
" Castle Crassenstein   Private boarding school ",Germany
" Live   learn in a historic castle ",Germany
" Castle Crassenstein was originally home to an aristocratic family going back to the 11th century. Today it accommodates a private boarding school bearing the same name Castle Crassenstein. The school is located in West Germany inmidst beautiful countryside and next to Wadersloh a small town with 10.000 inhabitants. The school offers dynamic and modern teaching in a historical setting  Meals for example are served in the historic knights  hall. Extracurricular activities include regular cultural trips and a wide range of music and performing arts activities such as drama   dance clubs fine arts and music classes. Destination for cultural trips are theatres and museums nearby  in Beckum M nster Bielefeld  and further away  e.g. Cologne Hannover Amsterdam etc. . ",Germany
" Overview   Prices ",Germany
" Sports like Football Basketball Tennis Archery Table Tennis Taekwondo Horse Riding Golf Sailing Skiing etc ",Germany
" Music   Performing arts  dance   drama clubs music classes art classes cultural trips ",Germany
" Additional language support and tutoring on individual basis ",Germany
" Possible if you stay at least class 10 11 and 12 prior to the Abitur ",Germany
" Price ",Germany
" 30.850   per year  15.850   per semester Incl.  tuition boarding full board 2 weekly German lessons in a small group. Not incl.  extracurricular activities books pocket money advance for expenses ",Germany
" The School ",Germany
" For students who aim to get the German Graduation Abitur  Schloss Crassenstein cooperates with partner schools in the neighborhood e.g. Gymnasium Johanneum or Evangelisches Gymnasium Lippstadt. The students take the school bus from the castle. Teaching Language is German with English as second language. The third language is Spanish or the student s mother tongue. With a preparatory year in either Grade 9 or 10 followed by two years Secondary School in Grades 11 and 12. Graduation will be the German Abitur  Deutsche Reifepr fung . International Baccalaureate Diploma Program  IB  starting in September 2020  more. ",Germany
" Subjects  ",Germany
" German English French Spanish Latin Mathematics Biology Physics Chemistry Geography History Social Studies Economics Religion Ethics Music Art Physical Education Sport Theory Philosophy Psychology Drama ",Germany
" Classes  Monday to Friday between 7 30 am and 3 15 pm depending on the selected partner school ",Germany
" Extracurricular activities  school band choir orchestra musical free artistic work sewing technology robotics Chinese Russian canoeing ",Germany
" Accommodation  ",Germany
" The international students live in small residential groups which are divided according to age and gender into two separate areas for boys and girls in the castle or in the two garden Pavilions. The students get breakfast a midday meal and an evening meal in the historical Knights Room which is located in the castle and serves as a mensa. The food is freshly prepared by the kitchen assistants. They pay particular attention to ensure a wide variety of food and a healthy lifestyle  some photos here. ",Germany
" Outside school lessons the teenagers are supervised by educational support staff. As trained teachers state certified and social educators these employees are specially trained and experienced in educational work and in dealing with teenagers  many of them have worked in similar positions in Germany or abroad. ",Germany
" In each area there is at least one permanent educator  female and male  exclusively allocated for girls or boys. These educators or mentors accompany the students through everyday life and support them  this of course also means ensuring that the teenagers fulfil their educational and extracurricular tasks. The educators maintain close contact with the teachers at the school. ",Germany
" The boarding house closes during the summer and Christmas holidays. ",Germany
" HIGH SCHOOL DEUTSCHLAND ",Germany
"  BER GLS ",Germany
" Kommentar mobil ",Germany
" Comments  Questions  ",Germany
" Email  ",Germany
" Comment  ",Germany
"  I know that I have a right to information about my data as well as a right to their correction deletion or anonymization. ",Germany
" UFA Wochenschau 38 1957 17.04.1957 ",Germany
" Play scene ",Germany
" Play story ",Germany
" Synopsis ",Germany
" 01 Badenweiler  German President Heuss holiday town of Badenweiler Heuss accompanied on the walk through beautiful countryside. Heuss receives the new Japanese Ambassador to his resort. 02. Eilat  hotspot on the Gulf of Aqaba expansion works in the port of Eilat to a naval base. Saudi Arabia considered territory of the Gulf of Aqaba and wants to block passage of Israeli ships. American oil tankers in Eilat. 03. Geneva  war veterans from 35 countries meet is the association with 20 million members sent representatives from 35 countries. Delegations from Egypt and Israel next to each other. Native American Warrior. 04. Berlin  Exercise of the SED Battlegroups breakdown from NDW 377 3  battle groups of enterprises on motorcycles. Onslaught. Shelled to the Alexanderplatz square between ruins. Storming of houses. Rifle fire. 05. Zwicklett  80th birthday of Alfred Kubin front door with a name tag. Woman brings bird cage with a Canary to the Jubiliar looking at his drawings in his work room. His paintings with demonic illustrations. 06. London  Miss Ghana visit the Miss Ghana beauty queen after their arrival at the airfield. Photo reporter. Shopping in London with jewelry and furs. 07. Saarbr cken  election of Miss Saarbr cken go Miss applicants in shorts on the catwalk. Audience great. 18 year old winner after the election. 08th Mannheim  International competition of weightlifting Germany France 5 2 breakdown from NDW 377 8  featherweight  it wins Waldemar Ertl. Light weight  Willi Kolb pushes a new German lightweight record with 115 kg. After discontinuation of the weight he touches on the back. Maurice Sanchez loses against Willi Kolb. Middleweight  Jean Debuf WINS with 400 kg. 09th Agnano  harness racing start and race. Outsider Tornese comes from the midfield and takes over the top that he keeps in the final sprint. 10. Berlin  for the Berlin Championship Hertha BSC   tennis Borussia 3 0 80000 spectators in the Olympic Stadium. In the initial minutes Hertha BSC score goal after a corner. Spectators cheering. Big audience great. Shot on goal 2 0 goal camera. Goalkeeper parades. Goalkeeper keeps is jostled and drops the ball. Spectator with doubting shake of the head. Shot on goal for Hertha 3  run 0 viewers after the game on the field. Police in use. 11 State visit of Elizabeth II and Prince Philip in France breakdown from NDW 377   1  Elizabeth II and Philip and Coty driving in an open car through the town after Versailles. The parks with fountains and water games. Upon arrival onlookers space race. The castle of Versailles with precious painted ceilings. Elizabeth and Philip will visit Versailles. Feast in the Galerie de Glace. In the evening Elizabeth and Philip on his ship go. Fairy tale ride on the Seine with graphs on the shore. Fireworks  here only fairy tale ride on the Seine . ",Germany
" Origin   Type of content ",Germany
" Title brand  News time  Heu  on holiday in Badenweiler new Japan. Ambassador Takeuzhi b. Heu  camera  strong strong hotspot Golf von Aqaba 1 US tankers in Eilat origin  Gaumont Metro Association of former war participants Geneva origin  Gaumont SED Betriebskampfgruppe maneuver bln. O. origin  DEFA 80th birthday Alfred Kubin s camera  Rau Mi  Ghana in London origin  Pathe news election of Mi  Saarbr cken camera  strong Gewichthcber L nderk. Dtschld   Holland. Camera  Strong trotting races. Gr. Lottery price v. Agnano origin  SEDI Berlin. Fu. final Hertha BSC  t. Borussia camera  P Oh State visit Elizabeth II. Paris origin  Gaumont final brand  ",Germany
" Narration ",Germany
" News time Badenweiler In the peaceful and friendly Badenweiler German President Heuss spent a monthlong vacation. During an extended spring walk our cameraman with satisfaction noted that Professor Heuss feels so right. Yet at his vacation home again recovered President made the first official act. He received the new Japanese Ambassador Ryuji Takeuzhi. Eilat In the Middle East are emerging more crises. The State of Israel which wants to transform the port of Eilat at the vertex of the Gulf of Aqaba into a naval base is again facing a difficult problem provided. Saudi Arabia considered waters of the Gulf and wants to block the passage of Israeli ships at gunpoint. The Saudi Arab opposition was carried out a few days after the first American oil tanker for Israel had broken through the 7j hrige barrier. The old motive for war Israel would again conjured up a second blockade. Geneva the peaceful image of the week was the Assembly of the former war participants in Geneva. The Association which has more than 20 million members sent delegates from 35 countries. And so it happened that one side by side saw Israel and Egypt in an undisturbed neighborhood. Target the former Warrior is a worldwide movement of mutual social aid in the peace. East Berlin the ghostly theme of civil war was on the agenda of the Soviet zonal Betriebskampfgruppen in East Berlin practice area was the Alexanderplatz square and according to order of the SED the battle group had the task to destroy a minority of counterrevolutionary enemies. According to the maneuver report the action was successful. Mage of character PIN away from the great world theatre in Zwickledt No. 7 the home of Alfred Kubin. These days the magician of the sign monastery celebrated its 80. For the lonely artist birthday and a vivid Canary was the most beautiful holiday greeting. For half a century the demonic images of visionary art were born in this room. What lives in them is the terror and horror history who far rushed ahead our time to To find a terrible confirmation in the fact of the experienced present. In the black and white brilliant stroke of the pen Kubin has found the form and the formula of his art. Fascinated by the specter of his century he conjures up as man and as ban artists. Beauty is beauty is Trump recognized also the new Republicans from Ghana and sent their beauty queen on a friendship tour to London. The Englishman inherently know what deserves a Queen and so they sought warm heart to the blessings of civilization of the dark skinned beauty everywhere endeavours. How richly blessed is the tenth German Federal State with beauties which proved the excretion of the opal works for the election of Miss Saarbr cken in Saarbr cken Germany. The Saarland capital wanted to not bring discredit and sent a fine selection of avatar applicants in the fight to win the favor of the audience. The large sell off of beauty ended with the victory of a small vendor. It is called Helga Drosse and is for their 18 years in very good shape. Dazzling in form Germany s biceps matadors in the Mannheimer Muse Hall were Marathon of muscle. With a much younger team she participated to the international competition of muscles against France. The most impressive performance offered the lightweight Willi Kolb. With 115 kilograms he set a new German record in the two terms. But also the French did play their forces. The third Olympics Jean Debuf won in the Mittelschwergewicht. With a total of 24175 kilograms the French result by 30 kilograms was lighter than the weight the German team   brought to the high line. Thereby our muscle Prince celebrated a powerful success. A sensation on the trotting course weather enthusiastic Italians at the big lottery prize of Agnano experienced trotting sensation in Agnano. The French record holder Gelinotte is favored. Checco PRA and Assisi To give a brief Intermezzo as a front runner. But a horse from midfield dissolves after a few meters. Irresistible it passes on his rival. The followers of the Favorites are disappointed. It is namely not Gelinotte it is the 5 outsiders Tornese which the Sulky veteran Mario Santi imposes on a murderous trot. Yet is not all days evening. The experts talk about a waste of power. Until the final Sprint will prove it. And there s even Gelinotte. On the inside Lane she takes on the track. But her attack comes too late. Tornese WINS and once again ensures the good reputation of the unpopular outsider. Berlin football final country fighting mood of the 80000 spectators in the Olympic Stadium in the play off for the Berlin football championship between Hertha BSC  white shirts  and tennis Borussia. The game isn t even two minutes old when following a corner falls 1 0 to Hertha. A quarter of an hour later the Hertha storm is skillfully in the game brought. Powerful Faeder prevails against two defenders and completed a 2 0. After halftime the benefits clearly Hertha s page are. The Elf from the Gesundbrunnen dangerously harassed the sanctuary of the violet. A few counterattacks of the Borussia remain the fate of Borussias without resounding success the 50th minute sealed. Dove no. 8 takes a template to a 3 0 over the line. So Hertha BSC becomes 16. Male Berlin Championship and participates in the games for the German Championship. Fairy night along the Seine for a few hours sank the bitter reality of our days in a fairytale night along the Seine when Queen Elizabeth ascended to the ceremonial barge Borde Fretigny. France capital shone in the splendour of a thousand lights and on the banks of the Seine the most famous pictures from French history purchased on this magic nightabout 6 kilometres was the ride and over   a dream backdrop stretched 6 kilometers as it never was built. The largest fireworks show in the world should be the conclusion of luminous night driving and in the shine of a Royal visit managed to France for a brief historical moment escape in a modern fairy tale. ",Germany
" Credits ",Germany
" Title brand  News time  Heu  on holiday in Badenweiler new Japan. Ambassador Takeuzhi b. Heu  camera  strong strong hotspot Golf von Aqaba 1 US tankers in Eilat origin  Gaumont Metro Association of former war participants Geneva origin  Gaumont SED Betriebskampfgruppe maneuver bln. O. origin  DEFA 80th birthday Alfred Kubin s camera  Rau Mi  Ghana in London origin  Pathe news election of Mi  Saarbr cken camera  strong Gewichthcber L nderk. Dtschld   Holland. Camera  Strong trotting races. Gr. Lottery price v. Agnano origin  SEDI Berlin. Fu. final Hertha BSC  t. Borussia camera  P Oh State visit Elizabeth II. Paris origin  Gaumont final brand  ",Germany
" We use cookies on our site to improve your experience. Their use improves our site s functionality. For more detailed information please read our Privacy Notice. ",Germany
" Neue Deutsche Wochenschau 377 1957 19.04.1957 ",Germany
" Play scene ",Germany
" Play story ",Germany
" Synopsis ",Germany
" 1st State visit of Elizabeth II and Prince Philip in France Elizabeth II. and Philip and Coty driving in an open car through the town after Versailles. The parks with fountains and water games. Upon arrival onlookers space race. The castle of Versailles with precious painted ceilings. Elizabeth and Philip will visit Versailles. Feast in the Galerie de Glace. In the evening Elizabeth and Philip on his ship go. Fairy tale ride on the Seine with graphs on the shore. Fireworks. 02. Badenweiler holiday German President Heuss breakdown from UFA 38   1  town of Badenweiler Heuss accompanied on the walk through beautiful countryside. Review  Elly Heuss just founded the M ttergenesungswerk. Mothers can relax. 03. Berlin  Exercise the SED battle groups combat groups of enterprises on motorcycles. Onslaught. Shelled to the Alexanderplatz square between ruins. Storming of houses. Rifle fire. 04. Audorf  launching of the world s largest oil rig ADMA enterprise model of the oil rig. Construction on the shipyard and launched in the island. Location  Persian Gulf. 05. Saudi Arabia  Homecoming by Prince Mashur from the United States of Prince Mashur son of King Ibn Saud was in the United States against poliomyelitis treated and improved returns home. He catches the ball and lifting his arms. Kiss for the tutor. 06. Switzerland  Exhibition of international children paintings School of Lausanne is made in studying plant and painted. Kids paintings from all over the world exhibition. 07. Saulgau  Vehicle brand is self made dreir drigem vehicle starter left. Old man driving with wife in backseat slowly through village. 08th Mannheim  International competition of weightlifting Germany   France 5 2 featherweight  it wins Waldemar Ertl. Light weight  Willi Kolb pushes a new German lightweight record with 115 kg. After discontinuation of the weight he touches on the back. Maurice Sanchez loses against Willi Kolb. Middleweight  Jean Debuf WINS with 400 kg. 09th Louviere  Swimming international match Belgium Netherlands Germany 200 m breaststroke men  it wins Bodinger 100 m back men  start swimming and turning. It wins Javed Miersch In the total WINS Holland from Germany and Belgium. 10 Madrid  around the football European Cup  Real Madrid   Manchester United 3 1 Giants Stadium full of people. 135000 spectators. Spanish goalkeeper runs out door and holds the ball. Spectators close to half. Spanish storm and goaltender parades of the Englishman. 2nd half  Di Stefano Touchline header 1 0 for Madrid. Cheers of the spectators. 2 0 by di Stefano into the empty goal. Viewers applaud standing. Manchester United shoots connection results in the counterattack. Goalkeeper catches the ball behind the goal line. Shot on goal 3 1 for Madrid. Spectators cheering and waving. Total. ",Germany
" Origin   Type of content ",Germany
" Title brand  Elizabeth II in France. origin  Gaumont Heu  holiday in Badenweiler   report on the M ttergenesungswerk camera  strong SED factory peacekeeping maneuvers Berlin origin  DEFA launched of the ADMAEnterprise Audorf camera  GA homecoming of Prince Mashur from United States origin  Metro kids paintings from all over the world  Switzerland  origin  Cine journal grandfather s self construction in Salgau camera  Hafner weight lifting Dtschld.   France Mannheim camera  strong international swimming in Belgium origin  Belgavox football Real Madrid Manchester United final mark  ",Germany
" Narration ",Germany
" Magic of Paris visited the magnificent facilities of Versailles Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip during their State visit to France. The driveway put hundreds and thousands on the move to the Castle. Here s where Louis XIV resided was all  the Royal glory of the past back to life. This was the private room of Marie Antoinette. A meal at the famous Gallery de Glace finished the day at Versailles.  In the evening a Festival of fairy tales on the Seine was the highlight of the State visit. 200 special guests rode along the illuminated River. And for an hour shone a huge fireworks display under the sky of Paris. Briefly exposed  Federal Republic  German President Heuss spends a relaxing holiday In the idyllically situated Badenweiler. We met him on a walk and noted with pleasure that he has survived the disease well. His thoughts will be declined probably by 7 years  because in 1950 founded his prematurely deceased wife Mrs Elly Heuss Knapp the M ttergenesungswerk. An institution that has helped thousands in recent years. These days called for the meritorious work for donations. In the Federal Republic homes where mothers To find recreation and relaxation are everywhere today. The work which began the wife of the Federal President will continue as a legacy that benefits everyone. Berlin  In Berlin operation battle groups of the SED held a usage exercise after a propaganda. The maneuver command spoke of Insurgents supported by a small minority of the population. The battle groups should destroy the remains of the so called counter revolution. And in this sense a fierce urban warfare around the Alexanderplatz was raging. Audorf  The world s largest offshore island will look like. On retractable legs of steel she should gain a foothold at the bottom of the sea. In Holstein a such floating colossus was built for the first time in Europe. On the 60 metre long and 30 metre wide platform a 48 metre high Derrick in the height above.  Audorf launched of the ADMA enterprise was Instead of now. The artificial island will be used in the Persian Gulf in search of the coveted oil. Arabia  Prince Mashur is home again. The favorite son of King Ibn Saud had been treated due to severe paralysis of the right arm and foot in Washington. A significant improvement is unmistakable. While the 3 1 2 year Prince has to owe A lot to the American military doctor  However his affection definitely is the tutor. Switzerland  Lausanne School of the arts is capitalized Very much. For most children it is the favorite hour and with serious diligence you struggle for form and design. It is absolutely unimportant whether here are geniuses of tomorrow at work. The artistic activity of the childlike imagination itself is enjoyable and rewarding enough. Now an international exhibition was Instead of in Lausanne which was dedicated to the creation of urge of the small. This image is taken from a French mother.  So a young Swiss woman sees a sea port. The expressive power of a Japanese picture is amazing. And this is the bizarre painting of a Negro child from Cameroon. Saulgau  his love for machines not left the 75th mechanic Josef Wengschien. The Pomeranian refugee tinkered a ride up eagerly if also tedious. May he also slightly strange look   a private vehicle is worth gold.  The Starter is not just the latest craze   but the main thing  the engine is running  And with OMA on the pillion OPI shows reckless driving that in a year still a youthful fire. Sports of the week  Strong men an international match fought the weightlifter seasons of France and Germany in Mannheim. Waldemar Ertl won the featherweight.  The French consider warendie host in almost all categories. Kolb was a new German lightweight record with 115 kilograms.  Jean Debuf won Middleweight round 400 kilos.  Lightweight Maurice Sanchez stood in a duel with Willi Kolb losing battle.  The international competition Germany surprisingly clear won 5 2 points. International competition of the floats In the Belgian La Louviere found Instead of a three countries swimming between the Netherlands Belgium and Germany. While the Dutch Meisjes expected triumphed in the women s the Germans won all the men s disciplines. Champion Ballard won the 200 m breaststroke. Was clear even before the first turn of the winner in the 100 meters backstroke. Javed Miersch allen was superior. The achievements of the men but were not enough for the victory. Holland won the match with only two points ahead of Germany. To the Europa   Cup 135000 spectators filled the Madrid stadium when Real Madrid  white clothes  against Manchester United took the elimination battle for the European Cup. A torreife situation for the English can be settled at the last moment. But then the Spaniard unleashed a great whirl and without goalkeeper wood the English would be long in arrears.  In the second half but the hosts are No more to brake. A mass cross from di Stefano beheads a Memorial.  A little later comes the second Spanish goal. Di Stefano went through up   and almost leisurely rolling the ball into the empty goal.  Now Manchester storm with everything that has legs. Alonso can grasp the head ball from Taylor just behind the line. 2 1   but immediately comes a last rush of the Fiery Spaniard. And 1 victory by Real Madrid sealed Mateos the 3 . ",Germany
" Title brand  Elizabeth II in France. origin  Gaumont Heu  holiday in Badenweiler   report on the M ttergenesungswerk camera  strong SED factory peacekeeping maneuvers Berlin origin  DEFA launched of the ADMAEnterprise Audorf camera  GA homecoming of Prince Mashur from United States origin  Metro kids paintings from all over the world  Switzerland  origin  Cine journal grandfather s self construction in Salgau camera  Hafner weight lifting Dtschld.   France Mannheim camera  strong international swimming in Belgium origin  Belgavox football Real Madrid Manchester United final mark  ",Germany
" We use cookies on our site to improve your experience. Their use improves our site s functionality. For more detailed information please read our Privacy Notice. ",Germany
" Deutschlandspiegel 284 1978 1978 ",Germany
" Play scene ",Germany
" Play story ",Germany
" Synopsis ",Germany
" 01 Schrecksbach  beat on the village  see D 210 1  Schrecksbach near Fulda totally with Castle on the mountain. Trek goes through village lane. Broom and install dishes before houses. Peasant woman with shopping cart goes from behind. Little girl holding hand before fountain pipe. Bauer unload cars. Beat group  The Petards play on the village square. Individual members of the four band large. Drummer and 3 guitarists. Girl looks out of window. Musicians standing on the castle wall. The village total. Cow that s great. Eyes of great musicians.  49 m  02. The Deutsche Bundespost modern phone with push buttons large. Woman on the phone. Large telephone relay. Old fashioned telephones in Postal Museum. Check in post office. Stamp sales. Postal savings account will be labeled. Women in long series in the sort the letters. Letter sorting machine. Package distribution machine. Training of post apprentices. Mail bag by Mailman great. Postman when carrying out post in the city and in the countryside by bike. House letterbox. Satellite radio station with large mirrors.  55 m  03 Castle Ludwigsburg part settings of the Castle. Crystal chandeliers. Baroque ornamentation. Artfully landscaped gardens. Fountains and swans in a pond. Walkers in the castle garden. Flamingos and pelicans. Little boy close up. Gardeners in support of hedges to ornate garlands flower care flower borders.  44 m  04. labor dispute in the printing sector strikers with posters Protection against rationalization. Electronics in economic life which replaced workers everywhere. Motor Assembly. Automation data acquisition computers. Strikers before the Springer Haus. Type setter to wash at the break. Typists and editor at electronic typesetting machine delivering finished proofs on computer which serve as a template for the pages of the newspaper. Making the final print template in the light set procedure. Rotating machines run.  57 m  05. Munich  harp master Maximilian Horngacher harp Spielerin plays harp. Harp construction workshop where Maximilian Horngacher produces an annual 12 14 harp with five employees. Wood is selected and cut. Precision work on incorporating the phonogram and pages. Harpist plays an ornately decorated harp before sending.  62 m  06. Deutsches Museum Munich exhibits of natural science and technology in the Deutsches Museum in Munich. Aircraft models in the course of time. From Zeppelin to the satellite. The work table of the chemist Otto Hahn who discovered the nuclear fission. Records. Filing boxes. In cellar Depot collectibles and musical instruments who found no room in the Museum. Valuable items are selected for exhibition in a new space. Globes old cars 1 safety car from Daimler Benz Horch.  48 m  07. Hamburg  Fu ball nderspiel Germany Brazil 0 1 kick off Brazil. German storm. Corner. Goalkeeper keeps. Slow motion shots before the Brazilian goal. Brazil technically better takes the lead in the game. Shot on goal misses on the German goal. Penalty Ballard goes over the wall and gate. Bundestrainer good talking to players during the break. In the 76th minute shoots the Brazilians of 1 0 ZL Nunes and is lying embraced by other players in the German goal. Sepp Maier front gate.  54 m  ",Germany
" Narration ",Germany
" Schrecksbach   a village in Germany. On the map you looking it in futility. The name has a ring to it  four young people from Schrecksbach produce him. Klaus Roger Horst and Arno brought their village in the talk. They formed a pop band and called themselves the Petards   the firecrackers and succeeded in what remains the most provincial bands denied  she made a breakthrough into the national music scene. And what them almost as much was worth  she reconciled the conservative villagers with the new sound from her Bach of Schreck. The telephone  a news and communication device today for everyone. It began its triumphal March 100 years ago. Old phones from the beginning of the third bear witness in the museums of the Deutsche Bundespost. Whether electrical impulses are transported or letters and parcels  the technology is only a tool. Man plans and organises. Also in a State of the art operating like the Deutsche Bundespost. It is the largest service provider in Europe. Many letters and postcards are now automatically stamped and sorted. The daily deluge of 32 million items of correspondence forces to the use of machines. Electronics and automation can also help distribute packages. The post transported approximately 270 million units in the year. With nearly 500000 employees and a budget that is nearly a quarter of the federal budget the post is an important economic factor. This creates obligations. For example for the provision of training places. the Federal Post Office annually trains 10000 young people far more than she needs. Screen text and data transmission  the news technology of tomorrow has already begun. You increase the range of services. In spite of technological progress the post will carry always letters   to the remotest corners. This is possible only with human resources today   and tomorrow if the memory has faded of the beginnings of the communication. Ludwigsburg Palace a monument of the Baroque in the South of the Federal Republic and one of the largest castle in Germany. The Herzog von W rttemberg has let it build at the beginning of the 18th century. It reflects the personal representation joy of its inhabitants and the urge of the former royal houses to external power and magnificence. The huge garden is an architectural part of the palace complex. He is not preserved in its original state but was created 25 years ago in the baroque spirit after studying old templates  with Lakes fountains flowerbeds and avenues. The huge garden flourishing Baroque   with this promise attracts many thousands of visitors every summer. A complex system requiring constant and meticulous care to present themselves in that State which may have once been the purpose  as a shop window and mirror of an era in which a few powerful many subjects deems ruled. And like humans so they ordered also the nature. The Federal Republic of Germany otherwise a strike poor country experienced violent labor disputes in recent weeks. The reason  new technologies especially the electronics penetrate faster and faster in many sectors of the economy and change the quality of many jobs or make them superfluous. On the other hand modern technology is necessary to streamline so that competitiveness is not lost. You will create new jobs. There was the toughest labor dispute in the printing industry. Here the electronics threatened an entire profession  the typesetter. These skilled workers with strike fought for their jobs. Only emergency newspapers in Germany published for days on end. Lead fitters work according to tradition  produce the letters for the print templates in the machine or hand set. This technique remained unchanged since the invention of the printing press more than 500 years ago in principle. Now the lead of the electronics need to be different. Computer controlled text systems replace the ancient art of the typesetter. Before the screen sit the journalists themselves or only skilled typists and type the text into the computer. The results are final proofs from which the break editor composed the templates for the pages of the newspaper. The final artwork is then made in the light set procedure. The social consequences of this technology are now has been absorbed by a new collective agreement  on the display screen equipment typesetter are employed in the longer term primarily their previously obtained earnings is guaranteed them for their entire working life. And other professionals are trained to without any loss of income. Maximilian Horngacher the man who brings wood to the blades. Soloists and orchestral musicians from around the world call him the master of his Guild. In his small workshop in Munich he builds the harps that carry his name 14 16 year. With 5 employees he creates the 2400 items of a harp in hand work and then adds them together. Half a year passes by to cutting wood up to the voices of the finished instrument. The harp Maker uses 5 types of wood including maple mahogany and beech. The wood must be stored and dried be. Because the strings are later pull with a force of 2000 kg on the frame. The trains tongues pedals the entire mechanism together with the threads and screw is made in the workshop. Precision is everything for an instrument which must retain its sound quality in the tropics and in cold northern countries. When the harp body inlaid with gold leaf is decorated the strings are indented. The finished instrument is played by a professional harpist. Then comes this oldest stringed instrument in the world on the trip. Already a musician waiting in Rio Tokyo and San Francisco. No airport but a parking lot for the Science  the Deutsches Museum in Munich a unique repository for masterpieces of natural science and technology. 1.5 million visitors of which learn technology in a year a quarter from abroad be considered part of human cultural history. From Zeppelin to the satellite  chronological order makes visible development. On this working table of the German chemist Otto Hahn the atomic age began 40 years ago  Hahn discovered the uranium fission. Only the file boxes give information about all the wealth of the Museum  from rough mouth lack of money store 2 one third of the exhibits in underground depots. A comprehensive inventory collectibles are selected at present which should accommodate to the 75th anniversary in a new exhibition hall. Whole generations of photo cameras will include along with special developments such as this old secret camera. Other must   be decades in the cellars like this 50 year old Hispano Suiza or the first safety car from Daimler Benz. Later generations can visit perhaps everything  assuming they have time. Who wants to see every item of today issued takes to 6 weeks. The triple world champion Brazil against the Reigning champions Germany  an international match of the spectators in the sold out hamburger people Volksparkstadion is promised a gala show. For both teams a last showdown before the football World Cup in Argentina. The German players   in white shirts   start offensively. Their attacks repeatedly caught up in the well organized defense of the Brazilians. As the playful Brazilians surprise with hardness and closed team game and take over as they are warm played soon the initiative. An accident return from Bonhof Ze Maria opened a scoring chance. On the other hand Bonhof trying his luck as a penalty kick specialist. Rarely attack the Germans on the wing. Their game is powerful and unimaginative. The Brazilians soon uncover the weaknesses of the world champion. You win the most battles disrupt the attacks of the Germans in the midfield and then quickly push forward. Bundestrainer good consults with his players at half time. But the recipe to interrupt the flow of the game the Brazilians does not take the German team. In the 76th minute s time  the Brazilian of Nunes scored the ball from goalkeeper Maier avoided untenable. A weak performance of the German national team and an impressive appearance of the Brazilian team that has solidified her favorite position in Argentina with their win against the world champions. ",Germany
" We use cookies on our site to improve your experience. Their use improves our site s functionality. For more detailed information please read our Privacy Notice. ",Germany
" Deutschlandspiegel 381 1986 1986 ",Germany
" Play scene ",Germany
" Play story ",Germany
" Synopsis ",Germany
" 01 together against terrorism   anti terrorist unit GSG 9 2 men of the anti terrorist unit during shooting training with pistol and rifle after walking through door. Helicopter lands. Kampfgruppe is deposed to build roads and provide fleeing criminals. Man gets out of car lying bound on the ground and searched for weapons. Training with bounce. Rappel on houses and offices to House.  54 m  02 Hohenpei enberg   OBB  the 1 Mai tree Summit tree flowers mountain stream flowering meadow. In forest tree is sawed off to Maypole. Men keep vigil at the tree around the campfire. Marching brass band and drummers. Horses pull the Maypole. Spectators at the planting of the Maypole. Guild sign of craft at the Maypole. Marching band playing. Dance into may.  67 m  03 Nordrhein Westfalen  power plant Neurath Brown coal mining. The power plant Neurath. Brown coal on the conveyor belt. Blast furnace. Power plant inside. Filter systems partly finished partly under construction against the harmful exhaust gases with sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides. Big pipes and chimneys.  45 m  04 D sseldorf  Japanese lessons at the millstone secondary school Japanese teacher on the Blackboard in the classroom. Students respond to Japanese original sound. Japanese schoolgirl. Students write Japanese characters on the Blackboard. Visiting Japanese family. The friends while learning sit together on terrace. Japanese doll.  51 m 05  Husum  crocus flower crocus lawn in the Castle Park. Shield  crocus flower. Crocuses big. Walkers in the Park. Monument to Theodor Storm. The market place. Monument  The girl of Tine. Pedestrian. Shops. Souvenir shop with mussels. North sea fishing port. Fishing and boats.  51 m  06. Stuttgart  football VFB Stuttgart   Werder Bremen 2.1 Bremen fans with flags. Storm. In the 22nd minute shoots Allg wer of the 1.0 for Stuttgart. Cheering spectators. Corner of Bremen. Crowds at the gate. Goalkeeper keeps. 2. Halftime  Allg wer shoots that holds 2 0 Burdenski in the Bremen goal. In the 80th minute bare the 2 1 ZL shoots footage. Players go from the square. Advertisement  Afri cola   Grundig   Alpirsbacher monastery Bantog gas. Landesgirokasse   Stuttgart insurance Deichmann   Frucade  58 m  07 W rzburg  Mozart in the residence before the W rzburg Castle Orchestra performs works by Mozart at the Mozart Festival. Listeners in Park of the Castle. Fountain. Interiors of the baroque castle. Staircase is richly decorated with ceiling fresco. Ceiling fresco in the Emperor s Hall. Magnificent rooms.  49 m  08 US  Munich  musical school Sara Mack on the way to the school. Ballet training at the bar. Hands on the piano. Kathy Murphy of New York City as a teacher at the school. Mary Morgan on piano vocal exercises with students. Tap dance training with Adrienne Dostal the German head of the Institute.  66 m  ",Germany
" Narration ",Germany
" 01 together against terror for these men is shooting not the first but the very last option. Then of course they have to be perfect. Because the enemy is treacherous and unconscionable  international terrorism. The German counter terrorism unit GSG 9 exercises on its own premises near the German capital Bonn. The helicopter sets down a battle group which is to build a roadblock. Only what time and time again is trained can lead to success in the real thing under difficult circumstances still unknown places. The men of the GSG 9 have everything from fast cars with own helicopter of up to state of the art wireless technology and partly new weapons. Here sample the real thing not soldiers but police officers are. Their task is to protect people s lives and to hand over terrorists to justice. These men and their comrades were s that liberated in the Jahre 1977 in Mogadishu Somalia the passengers of Lufthansa aircraft unscathed from the violence of terrorist hostage takers. Since then the special unit of the Federal Police is an example for similar brigades in many countries. GSG 9 founder Colonel Wegener which is 6000 kilometres from Germany away against terrorists won is world s sought after expert. This force ready to use within minutes shows that Germany will give the terror in cooperation with other Western democracies don t stand a chance. 02. people in their folk customs accompany the spring Customs may 1 since time immemorial   we re in Upper Bavaria. This 30 metre FIR should be the Maypole of Hohenpei enberg village. Especially in the countryside the setting up of the maypole is still living tradition. Vigil at the camp fire. The young men who get the Maypole from the forest according to the old tradition watching him the whole night. Because it is also the custom that the men of the neighboring village trying to kidnap the Maypole. Says to be on guard. Some people who too forcefully spoke to the warming brandy cooler night found themselves at dawn without the Maypole. In the forest near Hohenpei enberg everything has gone well. Now the maypole is driven by the place. It s the day before May 1. Everything is on the legs. The tree is festively decorated in the colours of Bavaria   white and blue. The tradition requires that on the horizontal Struts that now abundance give the tree instead of the branches the old character of the craft and business establishments are attached to the place. And then the most difficult piece begins working at the fairground in Hohenpei enberg. Under the critical eyes of wives and girlfriends the men set up the Maypole. Now comes the fun. Like this the dance begins in many places in Germany in May. Even the smallest would not miss this tradition. 03. environmental protection in power plants the area between the Western German cities of Cologne and Aachen is one of the power centers of the Federal Republic. In the biggest open pit mining of the world brown coal is funded and burned in power plants which are right on the edge of the pits to produce electric current. But Brown coal is a difficult fuel   with many harmful additives. The calorific value is lower than the fire burn the coal with 1200 degrees Celsius. A such power plant environmental impact particularly strongly with two harmful exhaust gases  sulphur dioxide and nitrogen oxides. The German Government wants to protect human beings and nature. With the strictest laws in the world operators stop   these are not only power plants   by large industrial furnaces for the environmental protection. The brown coal power plant Neurath. The filter systems which here partly finished some are under construction occupy almost as much space as the entire existing power plant. Engineers and construction workers compared to the system look like dwarfs. Already interested parties from many countries come to learn about the world s leading environmental technology. Making clean particularly pollutant rich brown coal smoke will work too well in the world. Creates a new sector of the world market. German technology is. 04. school Munich is Sara Mack to fulfill a dream  the 20 year old hung up their study of Sociology on the nail and took the entrance examination for the Performing Arts Center in Munich. In Germany s first musical school for American model is trained hard   dance singing and acting. The all round education should take four years. Kathy Murphy comes from New York City. In Munich she is one of the many teachers and teachers who will pass on to German eleven musical know how from the United States. By Kathy who was already at her own studies in Germany Sara hopes to learn a lot. Kathy the American Munich praises their German pupils. What still missing especially at the jazz dance is the looseness in the movement of the whole body which in turn is a strength of American dancers. A musical without vocals. The teacher Mary Morgan comes from Detroit Michigan. What should look easy is hard for aspiring artists and exhausting. Short break before we continue with tap dancing. This is Adrienne Dostal the German teacher and founder of the performing arts center  she has long worked in New York. The long training day comes to an end with the big final appearance   before the mirror but   who knows when   soon before an enthusiastic audience. Germans and Americans work together. And Sara wants to make it. 05. Husum to the Crocus flower of the poet Theodor Storm has called his hometown Husum on the German North Sea coast the grey town by the sea. Husum is one of the most colourful cities of in Germany at the time of the Crocus flower. No one knows how the million Crocuses in the North did. There were it monks who wanted to win from the plant dye was a Duchess that saffron had hoped the Spice for their sugar bakery but it chose the wrong kind of Crocus  The monument to Theodor storms. The poet considered the greatest son of the city. Over 100 years ago he described the people and landscape of his homeland which is characterized by the eternal struggle against the sea. The monument of the Husum girl tine is the center of a city that lives with so many testimonies of past centuries but in the present. With the famous Crocuses come the tourists who want to see not only a city reminiscent of the medieval and its port. Here the North Sea reaches almost to the marketplace. Especially in the 16th century Husum was an important port town with thriving shipbuilding industry. Today the Husumer advertise with fresh air sunshine good food and unspoilt nature for their grey city by the sea. 06. soccer Stuttgart   Bremen Neckarstadion in Stuttgart. The fans see the most exciting game of the 86 season of the Fu ball   Bundesliga   Werder Bremen is at VfB Stuttgart to guest. The north stand just before the Championships. But to be completely different. After 22 minutes Allg wer shoots 1 0 for Stuttgart. The Bremer also fight a this invisible enemy  250 kilometres from Bayern Munich on its own course scores a goal after another against Gladbach. Will Bremen lose the sure out team at Munich  A unique remote duel. After the break  The second goal for VfB Stuttgart. Again Allg wer was successful. Fans of Bremen and coach Otto Rehhagel are not only disappointed that Stuttgart so unexpectedly no plays and makes a fool of the Favorites they know from the radio broadcast that it is at the same time in the other game of the day 3 0 for Bayern. It takes until the 80th minute to Herder Bremen scored the consolation goal. But for Burgsm llers shot to aufkonmen no great praise. The fate of the team from the North which was regarded as a shoo in for the Championship is sealed. Not even draw the Bremer can do it. Before 65000 spectators in the stadium and millions of fans on the televisions provide to Stuttgart ensure that the Munich won the German Championship. The Bremer wanted to go as a master of the place. But sports luck was against it. 07. Mozart at the residence of the place  the castle in W rzburg. Music  Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Every year thousands of music lovers come here   to the Mozart fest. Synphonien and chamber music concerts in unique scenery. The staircase is a creation of architect Balthasar Neumann. The ceiling fresco is a masterpiece of the Italian painter Tiepolo. The residence of W rzburg holds many treasures. It is considered one of the most beautiful baroque castles in Europe. More than three hundred years ago the castle was built   the music finds a kindred framework here when Mozart was never here. One can imagine no better atmosphere. ",Germany
" We use cookies on our site to improve your experience. Their use improves our site s functionality. For more detailed information please read our Privacy Notice. ",Germany
" Applications ",Germany
" Drinking water ",Germany
" Pure freshness ",Germany
" With SecoSan you will always keep your drinking water clean and enjoy pure freshness with every sip. ",Germany
" Water dispensers ",Germany
" Dispensed purity ",Germany
" Whether at work at school or on the move you should regularly drink sufficient water to keep your mind sharp and maintain full concentration. SecoSan also keeps water fresh and tasty in machines and dispensers for a long period of time ",Germany
" Coffee   drinks machines ",Germany
" Aromatic taste ",Germany
" Only with pure water can the fine and powerful aroma of your freshly brewed coffee develop properly. SecoSan provides pure pleasure. ",Germany
" Air conditioning ",Germany
" Breathe purity ",Germany
" Even in air humidifiers and air coolers SecoSan always provides a pleasantly fresh and clean indoor climate ",Germany
" Camping   Outdoors ",Germany
" Freshness on the move ",Germany
" You like to be active and out in the countryside  SecoSan keeps your water pure for months   whether for drinking washing or cleaning your teeth. ",Germany
" Animal kingdom ",Germany
" Supplied with clean water ",Germany
" Do you love your pets  SecoSan also inhibits the development of germs microorganisms and fungi in water dishes and water basins hence protecting your pets. The water also stays fresh and pure for a long time in aquariums and terrariums. Give your pets fresh pure water every day and keep their habitat and their water supply fresh and clean. ",Germany
" Household ",Germany
" Hygienically pure ",Germany
" Of course pure water also protects the regeneration of bacteria in your daily dental and oral hygiene. SecoSan ensures a beaming smile in the oral irrigator. ",Germany
" Fresco Oberammergau Bavaria Germany ",Germany
" Little Red Riding Hood fresco in Oberammergau Bavaria Germany. Oberammergau is a municipality in the district of Garmisch Partenkirchen in Bavaria Germany. The town is famous for its production of a Passion Play and the NATO School. The village is also known as the home of a long tradition of woodcarving. The streets of central Oberammergau are home to dozens of woodcarver shops with pieces ranging from religious subjects to toys to humoristic portraits. Oberammergau is also famous  ",Germany
" Almgruss und L ffel Polka   D Neuneralm Musi ",Germany
" Mittenwald Germany   Looks like a fairy tale and the violin making capital of the world. ",Germany
" Berlin Wall Facts   Germany Tourism and Travel by Everything about Germany ",Germany
" One of the first things people think of when they think of Germany and specifically of Berlin is the Berlin Wall. Originally erected in 1961 the wall effectively split the city of Berlin into two separate worlds separating families and creating an international outcry. The wall stood for almost thirty years as the most visible     ",Germany
" Gebirgstrachten   Heimatschutzverein Oberstdorf ",Germany
" Gebirgstrachten   Heimatschutzverein Oberstdorf ",Germany
" Bavarian Palace Administration   Linderhof Palace and Park   Palace   Tour ",Germany
" Bavarian Palace Department   Linderhof Palace and Park   Palace   Tour   Lilac Cabinet  I found a photo of it but it was at the time anyway so much prettier in person.  ",Germany
" Dangers and Cautions in Germany   Germany Tourism and Travel by Everything about Germany ",Germany
" Like all Countries there are a few things you will need to know that may be different than that of your home Country. Read the following and keep a mental note so your trip to Germany is as enjoyable as planned. Below are just a few of the major dangers and cautions to look out     ",Germany
" Garmisch Partenkirchen ",Germany
" The beautiful snow covered slopes of the Alps mountains and pristine beauty made this a must see in Germany  ",Germany
" FAIRY TALES LIVE   Painted Houses of Village Oberammergau ",Germany
" . Once upon a time .... 15 years ago  when I visited charming village Oberammergau in Bavaria Germany I got convinced that fairy tales can live in ordinary human world. Since then my vision of this world definetely became open for new... ",Germany
" Know then thyself presume not God to scan the proper study of Mankind is Man . Despite this wise imperative expressed by Alexander Pope in his Essay on Man  1733 34  the need to vindicate the ways of God to Man  has always interested the most intelligent minds in both philosophy and theology among them Plato Aristotle St Augustine William King Leibniz and Kant. Theodicy is the attempt to explain the paradoxical coexistence of suffering and Divine benevolence  why theodicists ask does God who is believed to be omniscient omnipotent and omnipresent permit evil to exist at all. The present volume studies the literary discussion of theodicy analysing a wide range of novels dramas and poetry from American Canadian Irish English French and German literatures. The essays   contributed by a team of internationally renowned scholars   discuss the poetic treatment of theodicy from the 17th and 18th centuries to the postmodern period  the catalogue of authors considered includes names such as Francis Bacon John Milton William King Daniel Defoe Jonathan Swift Samuel Johnson William Wordsworth Oscar Wilde Albert Camus John Fowles Ian McEwan and Irvine Welsh to name but a few. The book thus illustrates the close traditional affiliation between literature and theodicy and demonstrates that   at least during some phases of their common history   literature could be regarded as theodicy. Table of Contents  ",Germany
" Preface p.9 ",Germany
" RUDOLF FREIBURG SUSANNE GRUSS Erlangen N rnberg Introduction  Literature and Theodicy Literature as Theodicy p.13 ",Germany
" 17th 18th Century ",Germany
" J RGEN KLEIN Greifswald Francis Bacon  1561 1626   Natural Philosophy as Theodicy p.49 ",Germany
" SIMONE BRODERS Erlangen N rnberg A True Poet and of the Devil s Party    Theodicy and Paradox in John Milton s Paradise Lost p.73 ",Germany
" HERMANN J. REAL M nster Conversations with a Theodicist  William King s Essay on the Origin of Evil with Some Sidelights on Hobbes Milton and Pope p.85 ",Germany
" KEVIN L. COPE Baton Rouge The Panorama of Theodicy Or Appealing Impressions of Evil in Assorted 18th Century Descriptive Writers with a View toward Leibniz p.113 ",Germany
" BREAN S. HAMMOND Nottingham The Print of a Man s Naked Foot   Do It Yourself Theodicy in Robinson Crusoe p.131 ",Germany
" IAN SIMPSON ROSS Vancouver Aspects of Hume s Treatment of the Problem of Evil  p.141 ",Germany
" JOHN A. BAKER Paris Wishful Thinking  Theodicy and the Divine Economy in Edward Young s Night Thoughts  1742 46  p.153 ",Germany
" BRUCE ARNOLD Glenageary Aspects of Theodicy in Jonathan Swift s Work p.171 ",Germany
" FLAVIO GREGORI Venezia Gulliver s Myopic Reformation  Reason and Evil in Gulliver s Travels p.181 ",Germany
" HOWARD D. WEINBROT Madison Hearts of Darkness  Swift Johnson and the Narrative Confrontation with Evil p.205 ",Germany
" RUDOLF FREIBURG Erlangen N rnberg The Pleasures of Pain   Soame Jenyns versus Samuel Johnson p.225 ",Germany
" ARNO L FFLER Erlangen N rnberg Goldsmith and the Equal Dealings of Heaven   The Problem of Evil in The Vicar of Wakefield p.245 ",Germany
" 19th Century ",Germany
" EBERHARD SP TH Erlangen N rnberg Did He Smile His Work to See    Blake and the History of Theodicy p.261 ",Germany
" RICHARD MATLAK Worcester Mass. William Wordsworth s Elegiac Stanzas  and Sir George Beaumont s Peel Castle in a Storm p.279 ",Germany
" DIETER MEINDL Erlangen N rnberg Melville Theodicy and the Grotesque p.289 ",Germany
" HEINZ JOACHIM M LLENBROCK G ttingen Charles Kingsley s Hereward the Wake  The Novelist as a Providential Historian p.307 ",Germany
" HANS ULRICH SEEBER Stuttgart The Fascination of Beauty and of Evil in Oscar Wilde s The Picture of Dorian Gray  1891  p.321 ",Germany
" 20th Century ",Germany
" GEORG LANGENHORST Erlangen N rnberg Struggling with God under the Sign of Job  Job in the English Literature of the 20th Century p.339 ",Germany
" KRYSTYNA STAMIROWSKA Krak w Reaching the Heart of the Matter  Sin and Grace in the Novels of Graham Greene and Fran ois Mauriac p.359 ",Germany
" RIA OMASREITER BLAICHER Erlangen N rnberg The Fortunate Fall  Sin and Sinners in Graham Greene s Novels p.371 ",Germany
" BERNFRIED NUGEL M nster A Kind of Early Christian Malignity   Aldous Huxley s Analysis of Evil in His Later Works p.385 ",Germany
" GISELA SCHL TER Erlangen N rnberg The Theodicy Sequence in Albert Camus s La Peste p.403 ",Germany
" SUSANA ONEGA Zaragoza Camusian Existentialism and the Question of Evil in the Early Fiction of John Fowles p.421 ",Germany
" MARTIN NICOL Erlangen N rnberg Living with the Hidden God  The Individual s Suffering in Modern Poetry p.441 ",Germany
" ERHARD RECKWITZ Essen The Evil State  Police Brutality in South African Fiction p.455 ",Germany
" PETER PAUL SCHNIERER Heidelberg Violent Redemptions  Negotiations of Evil in Contemporary British and Irish Drama p.471 ",Germany
" ANNEGRET MAACK Wuppertal Writing Moral Fiction in a Moral Vacuum   Ian McEwan s and Martin Amis s Fictional Worlds p.485 ",Germany
" DIETER PETZOLD Erlangen N rnberg The Problem of Evil in Modern  Anti  Christian Fantasy Novels p.501 ",Germany
" BARBARA KORTE Freiburg God Keeps Disappearing   Anne Michaels s Fugitive Pieces  The Imperatives of Love and Beauty after the Holocaust p.519 ",Germany
" SUSANNE GRUSS Erlangen N rnberg Megalomaniac Ice Cream Cone Sulking Mistress Sadistic Slacker  God in Postmodern Narratives p.533 ",Germany
" Camping   Outdoors ",Germany
" Always clean water outside too ",Germany
" Do you prefer to spend your free time in the countryside hiking cycling camping or on a boat  Clean drinking water is particularly important when doing outdoor activities in order to keep the body fit and active and to supply it in the best possible way. So that you are always protected against germs and bacteria and you only drink fresh and pure water on long journeys as well simply put the stick for the drinking water into the tanks of caravans ships and into canisters. SecoSan guarantees to provide clean water for up to six months. ",Germany
" Water canisters ",Germany
" Drinking water filters ",Germany
" Whether on the move or at home silver keeps water pure and clean. SecoSan uses this age old active principle  The silver ions in the stick surround bacteria and germs and prevent them from multiplying   independent on the temperature for up to 6 months. learn more ",Germany
" For water tanks of up to 20 liters ",Germany
" Benefits in practice ",Germany
" Effective for 6 months even when the water is changed or consumed on a daily basis ",Germany
" Active system based on bacteria preventing property of silver ",Germany
" Absolutely food safe ",Germany
" Objectively no flavor changing effect identifiable  laboratory tested  ",Germany
" Up to 100  recyclable ",Germany
" Caspar David Friedrich Paintings ",Germany
" a man with a past ",Germany
" An artist in his studio contemplating a moonlit street from his opened window After Caspar David Friedrich. ",Germany
" Manly Honor  Part II   The Decline of Traditional Honor in the West Ancient Greece to the Romantic Period ",Germany
" The decline of traditional honor in the west Ancient Greece to the Romantic Period. ",Germany
" Paintings  mostly  ",Germany
" Dreamer   Caspar David Friedrich ",Germany
" Author  Caspar David Friedrich. Landscape Painting Oil on canvas 27x21 cm. Origin  Germany Circa 1835. Style  Romanticism. Source of entry  Anichkov Palace Petrograd 1918. Theme  Architecture. Exibition  Western European and American Art  19th   20th centuries. ",Germany
" Caspar David Friedrich ",Germany
" View of a harbour 1814   Caspar David Friedrich   WikiArt.org ",Germany
"  View of a harbour  was created in 1814 by Caspar David Friedrich in Romanticism style. Find more prominent pieces of marina at Wikiart.org   best visual art database. ",Germany
" The Sea of Ice 1823   1824   Caspar David Friedrich   WikiArt.org ",Germany
"  The Sea of Ice  was created in 1824 by Caspar David Friedrich in Romanticism style. Find more prominent pieces of landscape at Wikiart.org   best visual art database. ",Germany
" Uttenwalder reason.   Caspar David Friedrich as art print or hand painted oil. ",Germany
" The artwork Uttenwalder reason.   Caspar David Friedrich we deliver as art print on canvas poster plate or finest hand made paper. You define the size yourself. ",Germany
" The Alte Nationalgalerie in Berlin ",Germany
" These days thanks to the amazing Google Art Project you don t need to travel to see great art. You can browse paintings and sculptures by your favourite artist timeperiod or museum. So fo  ",Germany
" Early snow 1828   Caspar David Friedrich   WikiArt.org ",Germany
"  Early snow  was created in 1828 by Caspar David Friedrich in Romanticism style. Find more prominent pieces of landscape at Wikiart.org   best visual art database. ",Germany
" Chart Log UK ",Germany
" 1994 2010 ",Germany
" H   Claire   Hysterix ",Germany
" Key to Charts covered  ",Germany
" Single ",Germany
" Top 100  15.01.1994 12.11.1994  Top 200  19.11.1994 5.05.2001  Compressed 75 125  12.05.2001 16.04.2005  Top 250  23.04.2005 11.03.2006  Top 200  18.03.2006 8.01.2011  ",Germany
" ARTIST ALBUM ",Germany
" Top 100  15.01.1994 12.11.1994  Top 150  19.11.1994 9.11.1996  Top 200  16.11.1996 8.01.2011  ",Germany
"  COMPILATION ALBUM ",Germany
" Top 50  10.01.1998 8.01.2011  ",Germany
"  BUDGET ALBUM ",Germany
" Top 10  11.01.1997 15.12.2001  Top 50  22.12.2001 8.01.2011  ",Germany
"  Download ",Germany
" Top 20  26.06.2004 4.12.2004  Top 40  11.12.2004 6.01.2007  Top 200  15.04.2006 2.09.2006 11.11.2006 6.01.2007  ",Germany
" All charts are official UK sales charts from Charts Information Network  CIN  and The Official Charts Company  OCC . ",Germany
"  FALSE LIGHTS FROM THE LAND EP  REMORSE CODE   SHALLOW BROWN  RICHARD HAWLEY   SMOKE FAIRIES    THE ELLAN VANNIN TRAGEDY  RICHARD HAWLEY   SMOKE FAIRIES    THERE S A STORM A COMIN   Mute  ",Germany
" My Girlfriend s Boyfriend   We Are More Afraid Of You   Clock In Clock Out  Wichita  ",Germany
" MIDAS TOUCH   VERY BEST OF ...   SOLID GOLD HITS   CLASSIC TRACKS  EMI Catalogue  ",Germany
" 2010  6.03.2010   23  4 6  ",Germany
" The Hollies. ",Germany
"  20 GOLDEN GREATS.   20 GREAT SOUNDS THAT GREW OUT OF THE NORTH  EMI  ",Germany
" Sometimes It s Better Not To Stick Bits Of Each Other In Each Other For Each Other  Moshi Moshi  ",Germany
" Saturday Sessions Residents Vol. 1  Baiface   Helm Deep  Toolroom Trax Ministry Of Sound  ",Germany
" Y4K EP   Part 1  Higher Than A Skycscraper   In God We Trust   The Drop  Distinct ive Breaks Virgin  ",Germany
" 2006  16.09.2006   117    1  ",Germany
" DISAPPEAR HERE  Distinct ive Virgin  ",Germany
" Compiled   edited by Dipl. Bibl. FH  Tobias Zywietz 1994 2011 all rights reserved ",Germany
"  created 6.02.1997 last updated 7.05.2011   www.zobbel.de   Dipl. Bibl. FH  Tobias Zywietz   all rights reserved  ",Germany
" Classical Music in Movies   a Listing by Composers ",Germany
" This list consists of data from two other listings both of which are ordered by movie title  ",Germany
" An effort has been made to standardize the titles of musical pieces. Different from those two listings this one comes in one piece. The layout has to be simple to keep the file size down. This way you can easily search this list e.g. for film title using your browser s search command  Ctrl f . Statistics  2.060 database entries  composer work film  1.170 films 810 works by 180 composers ",Germany
" Adam Appartition of Giselle  Pas de deux and Entr e d Hilarion  Scene des Wills from Giselle ",Germany
" Alb niz Asturias ",Germany
"    Talk of Angels ",Germany
" C rdoba  No. 4  from Cantos de Espa a ",Germany
" Music for Strings Percussion and Celeste  Allegro  ",Germany
"    Being John Malkovich ",Germany
" Beethoven 32 Variations on an original theme WoO.80  Variations XXVI and XXVII  ",Germany
" Copland Appalachian Spring  Very slowly  Shaker melody  Simple Gifts  and Moderato coda  ",Germany
"    He Got Game ",Germany
" Billy the Kid  The Open Prairie  No. 1  and The Open Prairie Again  No. 7   ",Germany
" Orchestral Variations ",Germany
" The Red Pony      Dream March and Circus Music  No. 3  and Grandfather s Story  No. 5   ",Germany
"    He Got Game ",Germany
" Rodeo  Hoe Down  ",Germany
"    He Got Game ",Germany
" Shaker melody  Simple Gifts  from Appalachian Spring ",Germany
" Gilbert and Sullivan A British Tar from HMS Pinafore ",Germany
"    Raiders of the Lost Ark ",Germany
" The Gondoliers  Take a pair of sparkling eyes  ",Germany
"    Topsy Turvy ",Germany
" The Grand Duke  As o er our penny roll we sing  Habanera  My Lord Grand Duke farewell  Dance  and When you find you re a broken down critter  ",Germany
"    Topsy Turvy ",Germany
" HMS Pinafore  A British Tar  ",Germany
"    Star Trek  Insurrection ",Germany
" HMS Pinafore  My gallant crew I am the Captain of the Pinafore Sir Joseph s barge is seen and Hardly ever...  ",Germany
" Iolanthe  He loves if in the bygone years  ",Germany
"    Topsy Turvy ",Germany
" The Merchant of Venice  Danse Grotesque  ",Germany
" school are we from The Mikado  Three little maids  ",Germany
"    Chariots of Fire ",Germany
" With Cat Like Tread from The Pirates of Penzance ",Germany
"    Up Periscope ",Germany
" The Yeomen of the Guard  Overture  Tis said that joy in full perfection and I have a song to sing O   ",Germany
" Giordano Andrea Ch nier  La mamma morta  ",Germany
"    Philadelphia ",Germany
" Glinka Fantasy Waltz ",Germany
" On the Overgrown Path Set I  Good night    A Blown away leaf  The Bird of ill omen lingers on  ",Germany
" Joplin Easy winners  The Entertainer  Gladiolus Rag  Pine Apple Rag  Rag Time Dance  Solace ",Germany
" Peachtime Rag ",Germany
"    The Legend of 1900 ",Germany
" Kabalevsky Waltz from The Comedians ",Germany
" Requiem for soprano mezzo soprano 2 choirs and orchestra ",Germany
"    2001  A Space Odyssey ",Germany
" Liszt Hohe Liebe  No. 1  and O lieb so lang du lieben kannst  No. 3  from Liebestr ume S 541 ",Germany
" Songs without Words Book II Op. 30 No. 1  Andante Espressivo Contemplation in E flat  ",Germany
"    Master and Commander  The Far Side of the World ",Germany
" Violin Concerto No. 5 ",Germany
"    Me Myself   I ",Germany
" Die Zauberfl te ",Germany
"    Face Off ",Germany
" Die Zauberfl te  Der H lle Rache kocht in meinem Herzen  Queen of the Night s aria   ",Germany
"    Amadeus ",Germany
"    Miss Congeniality ",Germany
"    Operation Dumbo Drop ",Germany
"    The Rocketeer ",Germany
" Die Zauberfl te  Dies Bildnis ist bezaubernd sch n...  ",Germany
" Prokofiev Alexander Nevsky cantata  Battle on the Ice and Nevsky s Entry into Pskov  ",Germany
"    Children of the Revolution ",Germany
" Alexander Nevsky cantata  Song about Alexander Nevsky  ",Germany
" The Fairy Queen  If Love s a Sweet Passion   Hornpipe in D minor   Overture in D  ",Germany
"    Restoration ",Germany
" Funeral Music for Queen Mary  March  ",Germany
"    A Clockwork Orange ",Germany
" The Gordian Knot Unty d  Overture   Air   Jig and Rondeau Minuet  ",Germany
" Vespers  Blagoslovi dushe moya  Blessed be the Man  and Velichit dusha moya Gospoda  My soul magnifies the Lord   ",Germany
"    Little Odessa ",Germany
" Vespers  Khvalite imya Gospodne  Praise the name of the Lord   ",Germany
"    My Best Friend s Wedding ",Germany
" Vespers  Nyne Otpushchayeshi  Now let Thy servant depart   ",Germany
" Cultural holidays in the Allg u ",Germany
" Numerous treasures make a cultural holiday in the Allg u a special experience. ",Germany
" At the art historical junctions of the Swabian Baroque Road at the end of the Romantic Road and high up on the German Alpine Road you will soon succumb to the charm of churches palaces castles monasteries and small medieval towns. In a blend of southern and Swabian flair they invite you to go sightseeing strolling round towns to historically documented festivals and provide venues for traditional classic and modern music and theatre performances of international repute. ",Germany
" Neuschwanstein Castle ",Germany
" The region has King Ludwig II to thank for its world famous landmark Neuschwanstein Castle. Not only the majestic architecture of the castle is treasured but also a series of top quality concerts. The idyllic location is unique  ",Germany
" The Romantic Road ",Germany
" Schwangau lies along the route of what is probably the most famous holiday road in Germany. Among the most important places along the Romantic Road are Rothenburg ob der Tauber W rzburg F ssen Augsburg  the city of silver and the Fugger merchant family  and Dinkelsb hl. ",Germany
" Hohenschwangau Castle ",Germany
" First mentioned in the 12th century Hohenschwangau Castle was the summer residence of the royal family and the nursery of the future King Ludwig II. It is located very close to Neuschwanstein Castle. ",Germany
" Linderhof Palace ",Germany
" An hour s drive away from Schwangau is the royal villa of Ludwig II   the only palace or castle completed during the king s lifetime it is absolutely worth seeing. ",Germany
" Ludwig s Festival Theatre ",Germany
" The impressive feature of Ludwig s Festival Theatre is its unique location directly by the Forggensee lake with a view of Neuschwanstein Castle. Besides Ludwig2   The Musical the repertoire also includes guest performances concerts and variety shows. You can get a preview of the programme here ... ",Germany
" Museum  Bavarian kings ",Germany
" The Museum of the Bavarian Kings opened in Hohenschwangau in September 2011. It gives some impressions of the history of the House of Wittelsbach from its beginnings to the present day. The exhibition focuses on Maximilian II who had the castle of Hohenschwangau extended to form a summer residence ... ",Germany
" Audi Museum  Ingolstadt    All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go   Updated 2021  Ingolstadt Germany    Tripadvisor ",Germany
" Ranked  1 of 44 attractions in Ingolstadt. Been here too  Add it to your map  ",Germany
" Audi Museum  Ingolstadt    All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go   Updated 2021  Ingolstadt Germany    Tripadvisor ",Germany
" Ranked  1 of 44 attractions in Ingolstadt. Been here too  Add it to your map  ",Germany
" University of Ingolstadt ",Germany
" Audi Museum  Ingolstadt    All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go   Updated 2021  Ingolstadt Germany    Tripadvisor ",Germany
" Ranked  1 of 44 attractions in Ingolstadt. Been here too  Add it to your map  ",Germany
" Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich ",Germany
" University buildings in Ingolstadt. In 1472 Louis IX Duke of Bavaria founded the University of Ingolstadt which became the Ludwig Maximilians University. In 1800 it was moved to Landshut and eventually to Munich. The University of Ingolstadt was an important defender of the Roman Catholic Church during the Reformation era led by such notable scholars as Johann Eck. ",Germany
" Ingolstadt Hauptbahnhof is a railway station in the Bavarian city of Ingolstadt situated in southern Germany. Ingolstadt station is an important junction in the Deutsche Bahn network. It has 7 platform tracks and is classified by Deutsche Bahn as a category 2 station. ",Germany
" Ingolstadt ",Germany
" The New Castle in Ingolstadt is one of the most important Gothic secular buildings of the 15th Century in Bavaria. The builders were Louis VII Duke of Bavaria Ingolstadt and Duke George the Rich of Bavaria Landshut both of the Wittelsbach dynasty. The neighboring Old Castle a medieval fortress from the 13th Century is today called Herzogkasten. ",Germany
" Audi Museum  Ingolstadt    All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go   Updated 2021  Ingolstadt Germany    Tripadvisor ",Germany
" Ranked  1 of 44 attractions in Ingolstadt. Been here too  Add it to your map  ",Germany
" The old castle  Altes Schloss  a.k.a. Herzogskasten of Ingolstadt Germany built c. 1255. ",Germany
" File Kreuztor Ingoldstadt.jpg ",Germany
" Klenzepark Ingolstadt Germany. The grounds of the State Garden Show in 1992 became Klenzepark where the city offers its residents and visitors intensively cultivated landscaping in a public green space located on the South Bank of the Danube. The Park is an important building block in the green ring around Ingolstadt as part of the country s 19th century development. ",Germany
"  DAS KRANZBACH    a rare Eco Habitat ",Germany
" Nature is the intrinsic attraction in  KRANZBACH . The meadows and forests that surround us are full of energy and their remoteness provides a peaceful sanctuary. We are proud of our location in the middle of nature. Clean air crystal clear mountain spring water unobstructed views of the countryside   therefore we believe in our special Eco philosophy. ",Germany
" Green facts about  DAS KRANZBACH   ",Germany
" Nr. ",Germany
" Description ",Germany
" 1. ",Germany
"  DAS KRANZBACH  sits in a protected mountain meadow  130000m  large surrounded by the Bavarian State Forest ",Germany
" 2. ",Germany
" The hotel stands alone in these 13 ha of mountain meadow without neighbours without pylons providing spectacular views of the mountains. ",Germany
" 3. ",Germany
" We obtain CO2 neutral natural gas and consequently neutralise the CO2 emmision by burning the natural as. ",Germany
" 4. ",Germany
" The protected mountain valley is only accessible through a small toll gate   4 per entry . ",Germany
" 5. ",Germany
" Our own mountain spring provides the hotel with fresh mineral rich drinking water. ",Germany
" 6. ",Germany
" For all our rooms in the  Garden Wing  we have created a radiation free zone. ",Germany
" 7. ",Germany
" The  Garden Wing  is South facing and built into the hillside. Consequently it seamlessly fits into its surroundings and is invisible when looking from the  Mary Portman  house. ",Germany
" 8. ",Germany
" In the valley no ski area exists and no pistes disturb the hillsides we embrace Nordic Skiing snow shoes and long walks direct from  KRANZBACH . ",Germany
" 9. ",Germany
" For the Summer no Golf courses were built therefore you can experience untouched hilly meadows protected forests mountain streams and lakes. Explore the valley whilst jogging hiking or biking. ",Germany
" 10. ",Germany
" Reach new levels of meditation whilst performing Yoga in the fresh mountain air. ",Germany
" 11. ",Germany
" The oil heating system has been replaced with an efficient and environmentally friendly natural gas system. ",Germany
" 12. ",Germany
" The rainwater is collected and stored in order to reuse it for the external areas of the facility. ",Germany
" 13. ",Germany
" The electricity and telephone cables have been buried in the ground so that the eye is not disrupted by the sight of unwanted pylons. ",Germany
" 14. ",Germany
" The rubbish is routinely separated and disposed of environmentally. Through an arrangement with another local hotel we minimise the frequency of waste disposal lorries entering the valley. ",Germany
" 15. ",Germany
" The majority of groceries are purchased locally.  Mary s MarmeLaden in Mittenwald is a very good example. ",Germany
" 16. ",Germany
" Our washing and cleaning products are environmentally friendly. ",Germany
" 17. ",Germany
" Through the support of our guests by using only the necessary towels can we reduce our footprint on the environment. ",Germany
" 18. ",Germany
" All departments endeavour to use only the minimum amount of paper and where possible to recycle the old paper. ",Germany
" 19. ",Germany
" We rent E Bikes so that you can experience the surrounding nature in a relaxed manner without harming the environment. We provide charging points in the garage for electric cars so that you can have a pollution free arrival and departure. ",Germany
" 20. ",Germany
" Throughout the hotel we aim to use environmentally friendly materials. In the rooms in the modern Garden Wing we used Larch wood from local forests. The walls were painted with a natural lime paint. ",Germany
" 21. ",Germany
" We have a bank account with the GLS Bank. They are the first bank that are social ecological. Human requirements and the belief that the money is there for the sake of the people are the pillars of their banking ethos. ",Germany
" 22. ",Germany
" Since 2014 we operate a combined heat and power plant as well as a photovoltaic system. We produce approx. 80  of the hotel s electricity usage ourselves. The heat generated during power generation heats our pools. ",Germany
" Artists ",Germany
" Visitors ",Germany
" Budget ",Germany
" Website ",Germany
" Evaluation ",Germany
" For the first time in the history of the documenta the major event in Kassel was organized under the direction of a couple  Roger M. Buergel as the designated art director and Ruth Noack as curator. They served only unofficially  as a two member directorial team however as the documenta statutes do not allow for the possibility of two co directors. Together they developed a clearly defined programmatic concept under the banner of The Migration of Forms.  What that meant was that over the course of human history visual culture has had only a limited number of basic forms with which to work forms that have been used in different contexts and with different conceptual focuses throughout the history of art. Buergel Noack pointed out that contemporary does not mean that the works originated yesterday. They must be meaningful for people today. Documenta 12 is concerned with both historical lines of development in art and unexpected concurrences.  In order to bring these unexpected concurrences  to light relationships were established between works of art from different decades and cultures in which similar formal patterns have emerged a process that has led to a migration  of aesthetic forms across temporal and cultural boundaries culminating in the art of our postmodern world. This formalism was emphasized in the Neue Galerie by walls painted different colors. In turn this focus on the phenomenon of migration resulted in the selection of a high percentage of artists from Africa Asia and Eastern Europe. New to the program was the inclusion of old art from fourteenthcentury Persian miniatures to global art from recent decades. Artists already long since recognized in their own homelands such as Nasreen Mohamedi for example were not the only ones presented to a broad public in Germany for the first time. The works of several exemplary artists John McCracken Kerry James Marshall Charlotte Poseneske and Gerwald Rockenschaub also migrated through all exhibition venues. ",Germany
" Moreover the program of documenta 12 which incidentally boasted the largest share  roughly fifty percent  of women artists in the history of documenta was structured on the basis of three leitmotifs   First Is modernity our antiquity   Second What is bare life   And third What is to be done   The first leitmotif asks whether and to what extent our thinking and way of life are still pervaded by modern forms and visions   Buergel Noack . In a certain sense the second leitmotif takes up the theme of Jan Hoet s documenta 9 as it is concerned with the existential nature of the human being as a creature that is continually threatened in the postmodern era by torture terrorism and climate disasters. The third leitmotif shifted the problem of the  discursive  communication of art of aesthetic education   Buergel  into the focus of consideration. With that in mind Buergel Noack founded the international magazine project Documenta 12 magazines  in cooperation with the Vienna art publicist Georg Sch llhammer. ",Germany
" Ai Weiwei Template  2007  ",Germany
"   ",Germany
" Next to the Aue pavilion temporarily erected on the Karlswiese for documenta 12  the largest single exhibition space covering 9500 square meters  the greenhouse conceived as a Crystal Palace  proved problematic not only in terms of climate control  stood Ai Weiwei s sculpture Template  2007  a tower built with centuries old doors recovered from destroyed Chinese houses  the tower collapsed during a storm and remained in place as a ruin . For Fairytale  2002  the Chinese artist had also invited 1001 fellow citizens of China to visit documenta in Kassel an invitation that caused a major stir in light of the political situation in China under its dictatorial regime and the ban on travel abroad. Ai had a wooden chair from the Qing dynasty brought to Kassel for each of the 1001 invited guests. The chairs were exhibited at the Museum Fridericianum the Aue pavilion and the Neue Galerie and used as islands of calm  for discussion within the context of the educational program. Ai s action placed the issue of migration  in a concrete political context while engaging history the present and timeless design in multifaceted dialogue at the same time. ",Germany
" Sanja Ivekovic planted his Mohnfeld  Field of Poppies 2007  in front of the Fridericianum. When the flowers burst into bloom the field was transformed into a Red Square  which in its ostensible beauty evoked wide ranging associations with the color red from the communist flag to the bloodshed in Afghanistan in connection with the cultivation of poppies for the production of heroin. Peter Friedl s The Zoo Story  2007  in documenta Halle was another of the more popular works shown in the exhibition. The stuffed threeand a half meter tall giraffe came from a zoo in the West Bank. It had panicked fallen and died of its injuries during an Israeli military operation. Friedl purchased the amateurish taxidermic specimen fashioned by the veterinarian at the zoo and had it shipped to Kassel where it was placed among garden carpets from Iran and stuffed animal sculptures by Cosima von Bonin. As a  political  work that is comprehensible only to those familiar with its history the zoo story  interrupts the migration of media images. ",Germany
" Peter Friedl Cosima von Bonin ",Germany
"   ",Germany
" With the inclusion of the Kulturforum Schlachthof in the Nordstadt district and Schloss Wilhelmsh he where artworks from documenta were integrated into the old masters collection  among them Danica Dakic s video El Dorado  2007  which was filmed against a background of wallpapers from the Kassel wallpaper pattern collection  documenta 12 expanded far beyond the city limits of Kassel. In advance of the event an effort was made to establish especially close ties with Kassel through the documenta Advisory Council. Composed of forty interested citizens of Kassel who were involved in various aspects of concept development and communication the council played a particularly important role as an integral part of the curatorial composition.  ",Germany
" T ",Germany
" Tanaka Atsuko  Atsuko Tanaka  ",Germany
" Thorne David   Katya Sander   Ashley Hunt   Sharon Hayes   Andrea Geyer  Scripts   9 Scripts from a Nation at War   Nine Scripts from a Nation at War  ",Germany
" Z ",Germany
" Artistic Director Roger M. Buergel ",Germany
" Born in 1962 in Berlin ",Germany
" 1983 1987 ",Germany
" 1985 1987 ",Germany
" Private secretary of Hermann Nitsch Vienna ",Germany
" 1986 1989 ",Germany
" Studied philosophy and economics University of Vienna Vienna ",Germany
" 1990 1992 ",Germany
" Tutor in filmstudies at the Institut f r Zeitgeschichte of the University of Vienna Vienna ",Germany
" 1997 1999 ",Germany
" Research on the historiography of postwar American art at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Cambridge USA and UC Berkeley California ",Germany
" 2001 2003 ",Germany
" Instructor in visual theory at the University of L neburg L neburg ",Germany
" 2003 2007 ",Germany
" Artistic Director of documenta 12 Kassel ",Germany
" 2000 ",Germany
" 2001 ",Germany
" The Subject and Power  the lyrical voice  CHA Moskow Moskow ",Germany
" 2002 2003 ",Germany
" Formen der Organisation curated in collaboration with Ruth Noack Kunstraum Leuphana Universit t L neburg L neburg   kuc Galerija Ljubljana  Galerie der Hochschule f r Grafik und Buchkunst Leipzig ",Germany
" 2003 ",Germany
" Die Regierung curated in collaboration with Ruth Noack Kunstraum Leuphana Universit t L neburg L neburg  Macba Museu d Art Contemporani de Barcelona Barcelona  MAC Miami Art Central Miami  Secession Vienna  Witte de With Center for Contemporary Art Rotterdam ",Germany
" 2007 ",Germany
" documenta 12 Kassel ",Germany
" 2010 ",Germany
" Ai Weiwei Museum DKM Duisburg ",Germany
" Awards  selection   ",Germany
" 2003 ",Germany
" Winner of the Walter Hopps Award for Curatorial Achievement The Menil Collection Houston Texas ",Germany
" 2015 ",Germany
" Awarded the Hessian Culture Prize for his work as Artistic Director of documenta 12 ",Germany
" Welcome to a place to feel good. ",Germany
" Today we always forget where we come from. Traditionality loses its relevance. Our team at the Hotel Alznauer Hof believes that the combination of traditionality with modern elements is the perfect way to develop a place where you can feel like you re at home. Since many years the Alznauer family gave the hotel a distinctive character which will definitely thrill you. Warm colors cozy rooms and local products   that s our philosophy. ",Germany
" The Alznauer Hof unites traditionality and modern ambiance. ",Germany
" Proven ambiance a dynamic team and a perfect service   that s what makes us stand out. But more than all superficiality   it s the feeling we convey to you. ",Germany
" The countryside of the Swabian Alb is fascinating ",Germany
" The hotel Alznauer Hof is located close to the Swabian Alb and the cities Reutlingen and T bingen. In addition to the Lichtenstein castle the Hohenzollern castle and the historic city of T bingen the countryside offers a lot more to discover. ",Germany
" Local seasonal and just appetizing   our restaurant Zum Alze ",Germany
" Natural and local ingredients best meat and fish straight from the producer   added with a pinch of creativity. That s what describes our dishes in the restaurant Zum Alze at its best. The combination of seasonal products to a culinary experience is our major motivation. ",Germany
" The satisfaction of our customers is our highest goal. ",Germany
" Our customers are our highest critics. That is why working with Tripadvisor is very important to us. ",Germany
" welcome ",Germany
" Hotel Claro Accommodation   breakfast close to Erding   Munich Airport ",Germany
" It is the perfect symbiosis of modern expectations and Bavarian tradition which lends our Hotel Claro in Eitting its unique charm. And it is the unspoilt view across fields and meadows all the way to the Alps which welcomes you to Bavaria so warmly. Along with our always stylish single rooms double rooms and holiday apartments. In every room we offer travellers holiday guests and business people upmarket comfort in a rural idyll   and that only 8 km from Munich Airport not far from the Bavarian ducal town of Erding and the Therme Erding spa as well as being only roughly 25 minutes by car from the Munich Trade Fair grounds and the state capital of Munich. ",Germany
" Look forward to light and spacious rooms in a modern new building   tailored just right for your stopover at Europe s best airport or for your holiday in the centre of Bavaria. To this end we have thought of everything   from the elegant design of the rooms to such additional comforts as a lift soundproofed windows and doors down to such elements which contribute to your comfort as underfloor heating heated towel rails and a substantial breakfast. ",Germany
" Perfect hotel service from arrival to departure ",Germany
" So that you feel at ease right from the start adequate parking space awaits in front of our airport hotel in Munich s rural environs. We will gladly organise a shuttle and parking service on request just as required  Parkservice Kranzeder   CityTaxi Erding und Dorfen . In order to enable you to arrive and depart without any time restrictions when our reception is closed an automatic room card service is available to you on request. And culinary delights are also provided for  there are numerous restaurants serving Bavarian and international cuisine within easy walking distance. ",Germany
" Just get here relax and enjoy your visit   here in Hotel Claro that is more than just our promise to you   it is our service for you. ",Germany
" We look forward to meeting you  Yours Claudia Ratberger and the Hotel Claro Team ",Germany
" Rooms ",Germany
" Modern and comfortable   for a restful night ",Germany
" A little bit of home awaits you in our rooms with their modern fittings. The heart of the relaxation in all the single and double rooms is the generously sized box spring bed. So you can really stretch out on your 140 cm single bed and two can enjoy a good night s sleep on the King size bed. Up to date sofa beds with pull out cold foam mattresses in some of the double rooms can be used by a third person or a child. All rooms have their own bathrooms and are easy to reach using the lift. ",Germany
" So that you as well as people with allergies feel happy with us we have put down tiles with a very realistic oak pattern and underfloor heating. ",Germany
" Further convenient extras such as free WiFi and satellite TV are a standard part of the fittings in all our rooms apartments and holiday apartments. ",Germany
" Elegant bathroom setting   for refreshing moments with a touch of the baroque ",Germany
" Last but not least the premium furnishing of our light and modern bathrooms with their elegant tiled design will ensure that you will certainly feel good here. In addition to level access showers with a rain shower heads modern toilets and wash basins heated towel rails hair dryers and LED mirrors await you. ",Germany
" Prices ",Germany
" Check in 14 00 till 18 00 Check Out 07 00 till 10 30 ",Germany
" Late check in possible on arrangement. ",Germany
" Payment possible at the hotel in cash or with debit card Visa or Master card and Maestro. ",Germany
" All prices are per night and room and include VAT and breakfast. ",Germany
" The prices do not apply for the duration of the Herbstfest  in Erding  and the Oktoberfest nor during such well known trade fairs as the BAUMA for example in Munich. ",Germany
" Breakfast ",Germany
" with the best of perspectives   our first plus of the day ",Germany
" For a good start to the day we set you up with a delicious and substantial breakfast buffet. From 7.00 till 10.00 we pamper you with tea and coffee specialties along with a variety of fresh breads and rolls eggs cold cuts local cheeses and ham jams as well as fresh fruit yoghurt juices and muesli. ",Germany
" Modern atmosphere encounters Bavarian coziness ",Germany
" No matter whether you are still somewhat drowsy in the morning or enjoy company our daylight flooded breakfast room will give you the necessary feeling of space. At tables set for two or four you can sit on your own or with your whole family and let yourself be quietly spoilt   by your breakfast the smart and comfortable atmosphere of the room and by the splendid view of the unspoilt countryside around Erding near Munich. ",Germany
" In the summer our little terrace invites you to breakfast outdoors. Now you can get going. Enjoy your holiday or wellness days at the Therme Erding spa your journey of discovery through our beautiful Bavaria or your flight. ",Germany
" Holiday Apartment ",Germany
" For those on their own and for the whole family Your holiday apartment out in the country ",Germany
" You would like to stay a little bit longer in the region between Munich Airport and the city of Munich  You attach great importance to being independent but would not like to do without the amenities of a hotel  No problem  Our modern holiday apartments equipped to hotel standards are the perfect home from home for you and your family in Eitting near Erding. ",Germany
" In keeping with our Hotel Claro s motto of look and feel the holiday apartments command a generous entrance hall with coat rack a fully equipped modern bathroom with a shower or shower and bath tub along with a spacious living room with an integrated sleeping area or with a separate bedroom. ",Germany
" In the holiday apartments you can also make full use of our service features such as free WiFi and satellite TV. Likewise we also provide level access showers with rain shower heads hair dryers and heated towel rails in the bathrooms. ",Germany
" Cooking relaxing living   feel at home  ",Germany
" You will feel especially at home in our carefully chosen and convenient kitchens. Seamlessly the sand coloured design blends in with the ambience of the room as a whole and with its well thought out planning provides a further sophisticated focus. From the fridge to the ceramic hob we have thought of everything. There are plenty of supermarkets in near by Erding and a butcher and a baker in Eitting. ",Germany
" Philosophy ",Germany
" Hotel Claro   a symbol for open mindedness ",Germany
" In Spanish the word  claro  has any number of meanings from clear to transparent. For us in particular it is a symbol for open mindedness. In this sense here in our light and friendly hotel we would like to give you a warm welcome as our guests from near and far for a holiday or during your business trip during your stopover or when you come here for a home from home. ",Germany
" Hospitality   our expectation to satisfaction ",Germany
" Even during my previous work as a health carer and nurse the well being of the people I was caring for was the most important aspect for me. ",Germany
" This is not going to change in our hotel. This is why we have sought out a very special spot for you our guests in one of the most beautiful and popular holiday regions in Germany. Here with us in Eitting near Erding life in the country is still as it was and yet the gateway to the world at Munich Airport is within such easy reach. Here you can experience Bavarian warmth and many a tasty culinary or cultural tidbit. ",Germany
" We hope that you will feel at ease with us in every sense of the word and that you will gladly return   clearly to Hotel Claro. ",Germany
" Yours Claudia Ratberger and the Hotel Claro Team ",Germany
" Discover Bavaria   by bike on foot or by car ",Germany
" Cycling hiking going on an outing going shopping or sightseeing   the central location of our Hotel Claro near Erding is to your advantage. A mere 4 km separate you from the ducal town of Erding with its charming old centre. Endless shopping opportunities on the outskirts along with the famous Therme Erding spa with its water slides and sauna paradise can be reached in just a few minutes by car. ",Germany
" Throughout the Erding region there are a multitude of signposted tours suitable for bikes e bikes and hiking. Taking it entirely at your own speed you can discover our Bavarian countryside actively and close up. Or you can really burn off energy doing other sports for example in the swimming pool or the ice rink in Erding or at one of the many swimming lakes  former gravel pits . Or what about playing on one of the golf courses in nearby Eichenried and Gr nbach. And when the weather is not so good  It is well worthwhile going on a guided tour of the world renowned Erdinger Wei br u brewery. ",Germany
" Experience cult and culture   from the Allianz Arena to the Chiemsee lake ",Germany
" Whilst on holiday in the Munich region you should bear in mind such Bavarian cultural and scenic attractions as the Chiemsee Nymphenburg Palace in Munich the Neuschwanstein Palace in Allg u and of course our Bavarian mountains. The visitors  park at Munich Airport is always worth a visit along with the Allianz Arena in Munich Frottmaning or the BMW Museum in the Munich Olympia Park and the Bavaria Film Studios in Munich itself. By car suburban train  S Bahn  from Erding or by train from Munich all these destinations are within easy reach. Not forgetting the towns of Freising and Landshut both close and both with a lot to offer in the way of culture gastronomic delights and great shopping opportunities. We wish you lots of enjoyment  ",Germany
" Contact ",Germany
" How to get here ",Germany
" Our opening times ",Germany
" Check in 14 00 pm till 18 00 pm Check Out 07 00 am till 10 30 am Breakfast 07 00 am till 10 00 pm ",Germany
" You can find this and much more in our region ",Germany
" We would like to introduce you to the most interesting museums and the most popular activities all around Schwangau and F ssen. There is so much to see and do in the Allg u holiday region. ",Germany
" F ssen in the Royal Corner ",Germany
" Colourful hustle and bustle quiet alleyways  F ssen s wonderful historic old town invites you to stroll around and make discoveries. Shopping on offer extends from international to regional and in culinary terms everything is on available from Krautspatzen  pasta with sauerkraut  to chop suey. ",Germany
" Neuschwanstein Castle ",Germany
" World famous  Neuschwanstein Castle in Schwangau is well known as the fairy tale castle. It is the most famous of King Ludwig II s castles and one of the best known sights in Germany. No less than 1.3 million tourists a year make their way here. ",Germany
" Hohenschwangau Castle ",Germany
" One of the world famous royal castles of Ludwig II King of Bavaria. Hohenschwangau was the summer residence of the royal family and lies directly opposite Neuschwanstein Castle. An absolute essential for every visitor to the Allg u  ",Germany
" Tegelbergbahn cable railway Schwangau ",Germany
" The mountain station of the Tegelbergbahn cable railway is the gate to the biggest nature reserve in Bavaria the Ammergebirge. Extensive mountain hiking trails offer something for everyone   from a family excursion to a demanding mountain hike. In winter the area is an attraction for skiers and snowboarders. ",Germany
" Buchenbergbahn cable railway ",Germany
" The Buchenberg in Buching provides leisure fun and recuperation all the year round. In summer it is the gateway to the Ammergebirge nature reserve with many hiking routes. In winter Alpine ski fun is the attraction The illuminated toboggan piste and the Buchenbergalm add the finishing touch to what s on offer. ",Germany
" Walderlebniszentrum  Forest Discovery Centre  ",Germany
" The Ziegelwies tree top path extends between the turquoise waters of the Lech and the dense alluvial forest. Walk along a 450 m long wooden construction up to 21 m in height passing the treetops. That s bound to be an impressive experience during your holiday  ",Germany
" Lehern Alpine dairy ",Germany
" In the weekly guided tours you can learn from the master cheese maker all about producing Allg u mountain cheese and Allg u Emmental cheese. Afterwards you can get an interesting look at the traditional craft of cheese making and take a quick look at the glass cheese maturing cellar. ",Germany
" Mariahilfer Sudhaus Brewery ",Germany
" The Mariahilfer Sudhaus has made a name for itself throughout the region with its own small brewery. The Cheese and Beer Hiking Trail that begins here is unique. It links the Mariahilfer Sudhaus with the Alpine Dairy in Lehern. Five information boards along this 45 minute hike from beer to cheese will provide plenty of knowledge. ",Germany
" Tegelberg Mountain Sports Centre ",Germany
" A mere 3 km away from the hotel mountain enthusiasts will find a well maintained climbing route. From the Mountain Lodge in the valley area you can both make your first climbing route attempts and take the guided tours with local mountain guides that continue from that point. ",Germany
" Kempten ",Germany
" Kempten with its population of 70000 is the capital of the Allg u and has Roman origins. It has the earliest written mention as a town in Germany and therefore counts as one of the oldest towns in the Federal Republic. ",Germany
" Linderhof Palace ",Germany
" A small but magnificent building also dating from the time of Ludwig II. It was built in several stages from 1870 to 1886 and it is the smallest of Ludwig II s castles and palaces   but it is also the only one that was completed during his lifetime. ",Germany
" Ettal Abbey ",Germany
" Impressive Gothic building with elements of Baroque conversion dating from 1710. Today the Abbey also still brews its own beer according to its 400 year old tradition. And it produces its Ettal Abbey liqueur. Guided tours for groups take in the church the brewery museum and the distillery. ",Germany
" Wieskirche ",Germany
" Jewel of the Rococo and World Heritage Site. Pilgrimage church of the Scourged Saviour on the Wies. If for the first time in your life you come to the Wies you might ask yourself the puzzled question as to what could have been the reason for building such an exceptionally magnificent church in such a lonely area. ",Germany
" Munich ",Germany
" Museums concerts exhibitions zoo shopping  Munich   its population of just under 1.5 million makes it the third largest city in Germany after Berlin and Hamburg   is captivating because of its many fascinating sights and series of events. ",Germany
" highline179   a view with a kick ",Germany
" At a dizzying height the longest pedestrian suspension bridge in the world in a Tibetan style crosses the valley to link the ruin of Ehrenberg with Fort Claudia. The 406 m long suspension bridge is named highline179. ",Germany
" Reutte cable railways ",Germany
" The Hahnenkamm hiking and ski paradise near Reutte   Tyrol is a dream destination for those who love nature. A garden of Alpine flowers or the barefoot hiking trail will delight you. From comfortable to extreme the Hahnenkamm with its cosy mountain meadow huts and downhill skiing offers everything your heart could wish for to make a perfect holiday. ",Germany
" Ehrwald Zugspitze cog wheel railway ",Germany
" An excursion up the highest mountain in Germany   the Zugspitze. The Zugspitze is one of the top mountains for views in in the Alps. This is because there are no peaks of a similar height in the immediate vicinity. Nothing to block the view of the peaks of 4 countries. On a clear day the view is simply grand  ",Germany
" Glentleiten open air museum ",Germany
" The largest open air museum in southern Bavaria allows you to take a comprehensive look at the everyday life of rural people in Upper Bavaria at their old style of building and their working world. An hour away from the hotel you can discover more than 60 original preserved buildings moved to this location plus their furnishings. ",Germany
"  Exquisite  garden in your hotel in the Allg u ",Germany
" A special place of power ",Germany
" Relax in the countryside overlooking the southern Allg u Alps. As a guest of the Hotel Exquisit you can enter the most beautiful garden in the Allg u from the SPA area. Covering an area of around 2000 m  you can expect cozy lounging islands modern sun beds to linger and the best view of the surrounding nature. ",Germany
" Use the  exquisite  garden to rest to refuel the sun and fresh air and to enjoy the wonderful mountain landscape. We are happy to serve you drinks of all kinds in the garden. ",Germany
" For example in the evening before dinner you can enjoy the sunset with a glass of wine or a refreshing lemonade. ",Germany
" Dream   refresh in the Exquisit garden ",Germany
" In summer or winter the Exquisit garden is a special place of power in the hotel. Take advantage of the quiet location on the outskirts of Oberstdorf and consciously take time to dream. In summer the garden is perfect for sunbathing and inhaling the fragrant summer breeze. In winter the Exquisit garden is ideal for cooling off after a sauna session. Who dares to walk barefoot through the snow  It will get your circulation going and help boost your immune system through hot cold changes. ",Germany
" Picture Gallery Exquisit Garden ",Germany
" We are happy to serve you first impressions of our Exquisit garden to get you in the right mood for your holiday with us in Oberstdorf. ",Germany
" Wir verwenden Cookies ",Germany
" Wir und unsere Partner verwenden Cookies und vergleichbare Technologien um unsere Webseite optimal zu gestalten und fortlaufend zu verbessern. Dabei k nnen personenbezogene Daten wie Browserinformationen erfasst und analysiert werden. Durch Klicken auf  Akzeptieren stimmen Sie der Verwendung zu. Durch Klicken auf  Einstellungen k nnen Sie eine individuelle Auswahl treffen und erteilte Einwilligungen f r die Zukunft widerrufen. Weitere Informationen erhalten Sie in unserer Datenschutzerkl rung. ",Germany
" Cookies die f r den Betrieb der Webseite unbedingt notwendig sind. weitere Details ",Germany
" Website ",Germany
" Verwendungszweck  ",Germany
" Unbedingt erforderliche Cookies gew hrleisten Funktionen ohne die Sie unsere Webseite nicht wie vorgesehen nutzen k nnen. Das Cookie  TraminoCartSession  dient zur Speicherung des Warenkorbs und der Gef llt mir Angaben auf dieser Website. Das Cookie  TraminoSession  dient zur Speicherung einer Usersitzung falls eine vorhanden ist. Das Cookie  Consent  dient zur Speicherung Ihrer Entscheidung hinsichtlich der Verwendung der Cookies. Diese Cookies werden von Hotel Exquisit auf Basis des eingestezten Redaktionssystems angeboten. Die Cookies werden bis zu 1 Jahr gespeichert. ",Germany
" Marketing ",Germany
" Cookies die wir ben tigen um den Aufenthalt auf unserer Seite noch besser zugestalten. weitere Details ",Germany
" Google Analytics ",Germany
" Verwendungszweck  ",Germany
" Cookies von Google f r die Generierung statischer Daten zur Analyse des Website Verhaltens. ",Germany
" Anbieter  Google LLC  Vereinigte Staaten von Amerika  ",Germany
" Fully equipped for on the go. ",Germany
" As soon as children arrive you re out and about almost all the time especially at the weekends. Playgrounds playing fields walks in the woods and outings to the countryside all draw you out of the house. With this the cardinal rule for parents is  don t forget the food and drinks  Otherwise the children s good moods will soon turn. Even more importantly  regular hydration is crucial. Drinking plenty of fluids keeps you healthy and gives you energy for the whole day. That also applies to adults but is above all important for children. Figures show how important fluid intake is for the body. ",Germany
" On average we consume 2.5 litres of water per day 1.5 litres from drinks 0.6 litres from food and 0.4 litres from oxidation water produced through metabolism. ",Germany
" Therefore  drinking is key. But make sure you choose the right drink for your children. Lemonade contains too much sugar and fruit juices don t quench your thirst and also contain sugar. The simplest option is the best   water  ",Germany
" Treat your children to the clear fresh energy booster even when on the go. The fresher the better. The best bet is to fill a shatter proof glass or plastic bottle with water at home and pack it in your rucksack. Are you using a SecoSan Stick  Even better  Because this will ensure you have fresh pure water available at all times. At home at playgroup on the go   with SecoSan your children will always have the sparkling fresh energy booster to hand. ",Germany
" In line with our philosophy Simply the cream of the crop  we like to indulge our guests with creative dishes attractive set menus as well as home made cakes and gateaux. You will find a wide range of delicious wines in our wine list and we will gladly offer our beer lovers a freshly tapped Licher Pils . Why not take a look at our various function rooms. Whether for a romantic dinner a small family gathering or a large wedding reception we can offer the ideal setting with the perfect atmosphere. ",Germany
" Our kitchen ",Germany
"  is definitely the heart of our establishment. ",Germany
" All the culinary delights and delicacies that await our discerning guests originate in our kitchen and range from hearty snacks to gourmet set menus. ",Germany
" Our menu boasts both regional and exotic dishes as well as delicious cakes and delicate gateaux from our confectionery partner. Head chef Markus M ller and his highly trained team make all this possible. ",Germany
" All that is left to say is  bon app tit  ",Germany
" All function rooms   with the exception of the St bchen   Little parlour    have access to the sun terrace. ",Germany
" In the Wirtstube  you are very close to the action. It s never boring in this rustic setting. See how our freshly tapped beer and tasty meals are prepared for serving or simply marvel at how professionally our service staff work  ",Germany
" The Kaminzimmer   Fireside lounge  ",Germany
" The Kaminzimmer  is a bright and cheerful room and you will love the view through the large window of our spacious sun terrace with all its old trees. Once you have heard the crackling sound of oak and beech logs burning in the fireplace the only thought you will have is  ",Germany
" The Bauernstube  is the cosiest room at Landhaus Klosterwald  with its old tiled fireplace warm colours rustic wooden beams and candlelight all contributing to making you feel home from home. ",Germany
" The Voglauerzimmer  owes its name to the solid wood furniture company Voglauer. ",Germany
" It is the perfect room for small parties or business dinners. Whether you prefer a set menu or a hot and cold buffet either is possible in this cosy setting. Breakfast is also served to hotel guests in this room. ",Germany
" One big advantage   not only in the summer   is also the direct access to the terrace. ",Germany
" The St bchen   Little parlour  ",Germany
" Compact and bijou   the best description for this function room. Whether for a small wedding reception with parents and witnesses or a gentleman s evening among friends this room is simply perfect for about 20 guests  ",Germany
" The Klostersaal   Abbey hall  ",Germany
" Our largest function room is a real master of metamorphosis transforming itself from an opulently decorated hall to a simple functional meeting room equipped with the latest technology or just a restaurant with flexible seating. ",Germany
" Germany ",Germany
" King Ludwig Castle Tour Neuschwanstein ",Germany
" Private tour guide for Munich Bavaria   Day Trip King Ludwig Neuschwanstein known as Walt Disneys Cinderella castle F ssen   information for tourist sightseeing ",Germany
"  Linderhof Castle Bavaria Germany  Photographic Print   Peter Scholey   AllPosters.com ",Germany
" Final Dimensions  width x height   18 x 24 This photographic print is digitally printed on archival photographic paper resulting in vivid pure color and exceptional detail that is suitable for museum or gallery display. Item  2656107 ",Germany
" TOP 10 Breathtaking Castles Around The World  5 Will Hypnotize You   Top Inspired ",Germany
" There are so many breathtaking castles around the world that it s very hard to distinguish which are the best ones. In general all castles are a delightful sight for people who are interested to unravel  ",Germany
" Paris Prada Pearls Perfume ",Germany
" Print of Neuschwanstein Castle Allgau Germany ",Germany
" 8R 10x8 Print of Neuschwanstein Castle Allgau Germany  9090361 Framed Prints Posters Canvas Puzzles Metal Photo Gifts and Wall Art ",Germany
" Travel Information for Germany ",Germany
" King Ludwig II of Bavaria s Schloss Linderhof   Ettal Abbey Germany   Mad  King Ludwig II s Linderhof Palace   Castles of King Ludwig II of Bavaria   Bavarian Castles   Castles in Germany to Visit   Fairy Tale Castles   Germany Castles   Most Beautiful Castles in Germany    Bavaria  Germany  BavarianCastles   California Globetrotter ",Germany
" King Ludwig II of Bavaria s Schloss Linderhof   Ettal Abbey Germany   Mad  King Ludwig II s Linderhof Palace   Castles of King Ludwig II of Bavaria   Bavarian Castles   Castles in Germany to Visit   Fairy Tale Castles   Germany Castles   Most Beautiful Castles in Germany    Bavaria  Germany  BavarianCastles   California Globetrotter ",Germany
" 25 Facts About Neuschwanstein Castle in Germany ",Germany
" Travelers looking to live out a fairy tale should head to Neuschwanstein Castle in Bavaria   the enchanting European palace that has inspired actual fairy tales. ",Germany
" Southern Germany Road Trip Itinerary ",Germany
" Southern Germany offers dramatic scenery ancient castles friendly people and quaint villages. Our 2 week road trip itinerary will take you to all of the highlights in this beautiful region including the amazing Berg Eltz Castle  ",Germany
" Neuschwanstein ",Germany
" English Neuschwanstein Castle was commenced by the Bavarian King Ludwig II in 1869 and never completed. He saw it as a... ",Germany
" Linderhof Palace and the Venus Grotto As I... ",Germany
" A day trip from Munich to Landsberg am Lech  a fairytale town in Bavaria ",Germany
" Find out about going to Landsberg am Lech a fairytale town in Bavaria. You can do it as a day trip from Munich. Particularly of interest if you fancy some Instagram shots of pastel coloured houses and quaint cobbled streets  ",Germany
" A day trip from Munich to Landsberg am Lech  a fairytale town in Bavaria ",Germany
" Find out about going to Landsberg am Lech a fairytale town in Bavaria. You can do it as a day trip from Munich. Particularly of interest if you fancy some Instagram shots of pastel coloured houses and quaint cobbled streets  ",Germany
" Germany Czech Republic ",Germany
" The Devil s Bridge of Germany  Rakotzbr cke ",Germany
" This jaw dropping 19th century bridge uses its reflection to form what appears to be a perfect circle. ",Germany
" The Museum of Alchemists and Magicians of Old Prague ",Germany
" The history of occult science is turned into a creepshow at this lurid Prague tourist attraction. ",Germany
" 59 Rivoli ",Germany
" Berlin s Monster Kabinett ",Germany
" Part art gallery part haunted house this robotic art display is a terrifying experience. ",Germany
" Speculum Alchemiae ",Germany
" Chandelier Hall of the Cologne Sewerage System ",Germany
" An elegant chandelier hangs over this ancient sewer chamber now open for concerts and public tours. ",Germany
" Bohnick  H bitov Cemetery  Cemetery of Fools  ",Germany
" An old asylum graveyard that s been abandoned for half a century attracts those seeking a dark thrill. ",Germany
" Spreepark ",Germany
" Walk Through Czech History in Prague s Largest Cemetery ",Germany
" For a cemetery created in the panic of a plague epidemic the sprawling Ol any Cemetery is a beautifully planned public work. ",Germany
" Peristal Singum ",Germany
" Fall down the rabbit hole into a surreal journey of human consciousness from ass to soul. ",Germany
" Le Palais Id al ",Germany
" This whimsical castle of grottoes was the labor of love of a French postman and one of the greatest achievements of outsider architecture. ",Germany
" Wasserspiele im Schlosspark Wilhelmsh he   Trick fountains in the Palace Gardens at Wilhelmshoehe Kassel Germany ",Germany
" Bergpark Wilhelmsh he was inscribed on UNESCO s World Heritage List on June 23rd 2013 ",Germany
" THE MAGIC OF FALL ",Germany
" Canon EOS KISS X2 Tamron 18 200 Circular Polarizer Tripod ISO 200 f11 42mm HDR 3exp    2ev Photomatrix 3.1 Elements 6 ",Germany
" 1352    Graf G nther von Schwarzburg Blankenburg   1349  antiking of Karl IV  Kaiserdom St. Bartholom us Frankfurt am Main Hessen Germany ",Germany
" Flickr is almost certainly the best online photo management and sharing application in the world. Show off your favorite photos and videos to the world securely and privately show content to your friends and family or blog the photos and videos you take with a cameraphone. ",Germany
" Louise of Hesse Kassel Queen of Denmark ",Germany
" The Hess Kassels also have other tiaras this one is a large floral piece worn by Princess Irina of Hesse Kassel when she married Count Alexander of Schonburg Glauchau in 1999. Designed as a series of floral sprays including wild roses and pinks. ",Germany
" Germany   Some photos every few days ",Germany
" Happy German Unity Day      Thanks     Kame this is the url to the updated map for page 1    Edited and thanks for the effort     Beach of Sch nberg... ",Germany
" Statue Commemorating Princess Mafalda of Hesse Kassel nee Savoy who died in a Nazi Concentration Camp in 1944 ",Germany
" Hanau ",Germany
" Kassel Germany home of the Brothers Grimm. I had the pleasure of living and studying there while working on my BA. ",Germany
" Louise of Hesse Kassel ",Germany
" Louise of Hesse Kassel   Wikipedia the free encyclopedia ",Germany
" Menu line  ",Germany
" Categories  ",Germany
" Navigation  ",Germany
" Main information  ",Germany
" Idea and History ",Germany
" Neuschwanstein Castle   an example of Historicism ",Germany
" Ideal design for Neuschwanstein Castle by Christian Jank in 1868 which incorporated Richard Wagner s instructions for the set of Act 2 of the opera Lohengrin  east view of the Upper Courtyard with the keep and chapel in the centre ",Germany
" The government architect selected to convert Christian Jank s pictorial representations into plans was Eduard Riedel who had already redesigned Berg Palace for Ludwig s father in 1849 51. In accordance with the king s wishes Jank turned the robber knight s castle with late gothic elements that he had originally designed into a monumental Romanesque castle with a five storey Palas in the general style of the Wartburg Palas. Neuschwanstein which everyone now oddly enough thinks of as a typical medieval castle is thus not a copy of any existing building but a characteristic example of historicism in which architectural motifs from the Wartburg are combined with those of castles from medieval book illustrations. ",Germany
" It is significant that Jank s project was criticized for not being faithful to history. The painter Michael Welter who was recommended to the king by the castellan of Wartburg for his historical accuracy undertook to provide the necessary details for Neuschwanstein based on Romanesque examples and declared that Jank s final designs would incite the most virulent and bitter criticism. Court secretary D fflipp turned down Welter s proposals in a letter of 21 November 1871 for the following most revealing reasons  ",Germany
" It is the will of His Majesty the King that the new castle be built in the Romanesque style. We are now living in the year 1871 centuries after the period of the Romanesque style and there can be no doubt that the achievements that have since been attained in the areas of art and science will also benefit us in the construction of this building.   By this I do not in the least mean that we should alter the style itself in a way that would impair its character but neither do I mean that we should recreate the old days in every respect and not benefit from experience which would have been made use of them had it been available. ",Germany
" Bedroom  Oak bed with carvings by Anton P ssenbacher ",Germany
" Historicism frequently involved not just copying the historical styles but perfecting them using all the latest craft skills and technical means. For this reason the typical combination of modern  building  technology and historic architectural and furnishing styles was by no means considered a contradiction. This was also Ludwig II s philosophy so that the Romanesque castle of Neuschwanstein has a very modern kitchen hot air heating and numerous large tightly fitting windows with frames made of industrial steel. ",Germany
" The exterior of the castle became increasingly austere when Georg Dollmann succeeded Riedel in 1874 and many of the picturesque details in Jank s designs were dropped. In the sections completed in simplified form after 1886 this tendency increased. ",Germany
" Julius Hofmann who completed the complex on the basis of Riedel s plans from 1886 to 1892 designed the entire Romanesque interior of Neuschwanstein complete with furnishing in accordance with the king s ideas. Only the bedroom designed by Peter Herwegen and the adjacent chapel are in late gothic style with furniture that is comparatively historic by comparison with the Biedermeier neo gothic interiors of Hohenschwangau. ",Germany
" The world s first and unique dachshund museum Kleine Residenz  Small Residence   is located right across the New Bishop s Residence. The dachshund   a philosophy   is shown in an exhibition that contains the world s largest collection of a total of more than 4500 exhibits. ",Germany
" No other dog seems to be as world famous as the dachshund. The 100th anniversary of the Free State of Bavaria the dachshund in nobility or the dachshund in hunting as well as Waldi  the dachshund of the 1972 Olympic Games are focal points in the museum. ",Germany
" The museum is located in Residence Square which is no doubt the most beautiful square in the city of Passau. The collection was compiled by the two master florists Seppi K blbeck and Oliver Storz over the last 25 years and is now shown to the public for the first time. A large number of exhibits are lovingly presented in showcases with a wink of an eye and a great passion for the dachshund which represents Bavaria like nobody else. ",Germany
" I give my consent which can be withdrawn at any time by e mail as well as by telephone to receive offers and   or information on the services of dachshund museum. Please see our Privacy Policy ",Germany
" Enjoy this unique coastal landscape the charm of the Hanseatic cities and the stiff breeze on prolonged walks along the beach. The seaside is worth a trip at any time of year. ",Germany
" Enjoy the fresh sea breeze during your holiday   welcome to the Baltic Sea  ",Germany
" Do you like the feeling of the sun wind and salt on your skin  Then relax on the Mecklenburg Baltic Sea coast. Discover the Baltic Sea feeling of life   active diverse relaxing and with first class comfort. ",Germany
" The Mecklenburg Baltic Sea coast extends from the Boltenhagen Baltic Sea resort to the Graal M ritz Baltic Sea spa. This 260 kilometre stretch of coastline covering almost 4000 square kilometres includes two administrative districts two Hanseatic cities eight Baltic Sea resorts one island fifteen marinas as well as fascinating countryside inland. You will find a varied natural and cultural landscape where the Middle Ages the Hanseatic League and numerous dukes have left their traces plus a well developed modern tourist infrastructure with established cycling and hiking trails. ",Germany
" Here where the interplay of history tradition and modern life radiates its very special charm you can discover the delight of fashionable Baltic Sea resorts ancient tree avenues extensive fields splendid manors romantic ports and grand Gothic buildings. This is a place to enjoy the Hanseatic charm and maritime flair and watch the sun go down in a blaze of glory illuminating miles and miles of sandy beaches. ",Germany
" Explore the region to the full and visit for example Schwerin Castle with its festival the castle gardens in Neustrelitz or the colourful Small Festival in the Large Park in Ludwigslust. Discover the picturesque narrow streets of the maritime Hanseatic cities of Wismar  UNESCO world heritage site  Rostock and Stralsund  UNESCO world heritage site  or the marzipan museum in L beck. ",Germany
" Wei e Wiek Boltenhagen ",Germany
" Enjoy your holiday at the sea to your heart s content in the Wei e Wiek Boltenhagen resort on the Tarnewitz peninsula. The extensive resort complex covers an area of 118000 m2. It s great for couples but also for families. The comfortable 4.5 star hotel Iberotel Boltenhagen the family friendly apartment complex DORFHOTEL Boltenhagen as well as the Boltenhagen marina a yacht marina with 290 berths await you with a wide range of great offers. ",Germany
" The Wei e Wiek is a holiday world that combines quality tradition and maritime charm with all the aspects you d expect of a high quality holiday at the seaside. Boltenhagen town centre can be reached conveniently with the free shuttle. The surrounding area is ideal for activities in the countryside   rambling hikes long bicycle tours and the list goes on. ",Germany
" Get to know the Wei e Wiek holiday resort and the Mecklenburg Baltic Sea region while visiting our hotel in Boltenhagen on the Baltic Sea  ",Germany
" Boltenhagen ",Germany
" A magnificent holiday breeze blows here. This state recognised seaside spa which is one of the largest seaside resorts in Mecklenburg lies directly on the Baltic Sea coast between L beck and Wismar. Here there is a mild salubrious seaside climate throughout the year which equates with well being for your body soul and mind. Boltenhagen has a 3 kilometre long and 60 metre wide white sandy beach with crystal clear water backed by cliffs. Besides the picturesque setting there are many other interesting sights. Boltenhagen with its pier and the monument at Paulsh he reminding of the storm flood  is one of the oldest German seaside resorts and provides plenty of potential for relaxation. ",Germany
" Menu line  ",Germany
" Categories  ",Germany
" Navigation  ",Germany
" Main information  ",Germany
" Neuschwanstein ",Germany
" Neuschwanstein today   Record numbers of visitors and preservation problems ",Germany
" Seven weeks after the death of King Ludwig II in 1886 Neuschwanstein was opened to the public. The shy king had built the castle in order to withdraw from public life   now vast numbers of people came to view his private refuge. ",Germany
" Today Neuschwanstein is one of the most popular of all the palaces and castles in Europe. Every year 1.4 million people visit the castle of the fairy tale king. In the summer around 6000 visitors a day stream through rooms that were intended for a single inhabitant. ",Germany
" The setting of Neuschwanstein could not be more idyllic. However movement in the foundation area has to be continuously monitored and the sheer rock walls must be repeatedly secured. The harsh climate also has a detrimental effect on the limestone fa ades which will have to be renovated section by section over the next few years. ",Germany
" Menu line  ",Germany
" Categories  ",Germany
" Navigation  ",Germany
" Main information  ",Germany
" Welcome to Neuschwanstein Castle ",Germany
" Information   Coronavirus ",Germany
" Due to the current regulation on the protection against COVID 19 all sights of the Bavarian Palace Department are closed at the moment. The regulation currently applies until 7 March 2021. ",Germany
" News about the restoration ",Germany
" Preserving all the features of Neuschwanstein Castle intact is an ongoing task. Therefore restoration work and restoration investigations are currently taking place. The work is expected to last until 2023. ",Germany
" Nevertheless all rooms are accessible for visitors. ",Germany
" For the restoration work currently underway in the Throne Hall scaffolding was erected in the southern area  work in the Throne Hall is expected to continue until autumn 2021. ",Germany
" We apologize for any inconvenience caused. ",Germany
" The Marienbr cke in winter ",Germany
" Please note that during the winter months the Marienbr cke the bridge over the Poll t gorge may have to be closed in bad weather. ",Germany
" The way to the castle and the guided tours are not affected. ",Germany
" Information on whether the bridge and the route to it are open can be found on the website of the Hohenschwangau Ticket Centre  www.hohenschwangau.de. ",Germany
" Important information for visitors ",Germany
" The visit of Neuschwanstein Castle is only possible with a guided tour. ",Germany
" Rucksacks prams child carriers and similar bulky objects may not be taken into the castle. Please leave these items in your car or bus. ",Germany
" No photographing or filming is allowed in the castle. Photo and film shootings are basically subject to approval and charges. Here you will find information on photography permits   film permits. Taking pictures of the outside of the buildings for private use does not require a permit. ",Germany
" Neuschwanstein Castle is on the edge of the Ammergebirge nature reserve  it is therefore not permitted to fly model planes or drones  multicopters. ",Germany
" Yes ",Germany
" Bemerkungen ",Germany
" 1968 gegr ndet stie en die vermeintlichen Urv ter des Prog eigentlich erst eher sp t 1971 mit ihrem dritten Album  The Yes Album  zur dominierenden Musikrichtung im England der 70er Jahre. Die ersten zwei Platten Yes und Time and a Word enthielten   von einigen Ausnahmen wie dem proggigen Then abgesehen   vorwiegend poppige Endsechziger Musik auf letztgenanntem mit vergleichsweise  The Nice Deep Purple  wenig  berzeugenden Orchesterexperimenten verunkl rt. ",Germany
" Mit der Ankunft des in verschiedenen Stilen versierten Gitarristen Steve Howe im Yes Lager  nderte sich das und die Band beschritt nun mutig einen Weg der sie zwischen 1971 und 1973  ber vier Alben von den noch recht simplen 10 Minuten St cken auf The Yes Album  vgl. I ve seen all good People das perfekt den  bergang von der fr hen Phase zu den Progalben markiert  zu einem ambitionierten und umstrittenen Konzeptwerk in vier Teilen f hren und damit in den Proghimmel katapultieren sollte. Dies ist vor allem der harten Hand Jon Andersons zu verdanken der h ufig recht dickk pfig seine zum Teil recht abgedrehten Ideen  von seinen esoterisch religi sen Texten mal ganz abgesehen  gegen den bodenst ndigeren Chris Squire durchsetzte. Diese Entwicklung ist in der Proggeschichte recht einmalig und macht einen gro en Teil der Faszination aus die bis heute f r viele von Yes ausgeht. Sie l  t sich am besten an den Hauptwerken Fragile und Close to the Edge ablesen gerade auf letzterem experimentierten Yes erstmals erfolgreich mit 20minutenst cken klassischen Strukturen  v. a. der Sonate  und Anleihen aus Barock  Siberian Khatru Close to the Edge  Psychedelic  Close to the Edge  Jazz  Siberian Khatru  und Fernost. ",Germany
" Die klassische Besetzung bestand aus Anderson dem Anf hrer Squire einem Bassisten der durch sein ungew hnlich melod ses Spiel weit mehr tat als nur die Grundlage f r den Bandsound zu legen dem Schlagzeuger Bill Bruford der vom Jazz kommend die Band auch in dieser Hinsicht die Grenzen traditioneller Rockmusik  berschreiten lie  Steve Howe der Country Elemente einbrachte und seit Fragile dem Keyboarder Rick Wakeman der mit seinem Spa  an den allerneusten Keyboards das Klangspektrum der Band erweiterte dar ber hinaus aber als erfahrener Arrangeur vor allem f r die Songstrukturen verantwortlich war. Seine Bedeutung f r die Band ist deutlich zu h ren wenn man die eher einfach gebauten Starship Trooper oder I ve Seen All Good People von The Yes Album mit den deutlich komplexer arrangierten St cken auf Fragile vergleicht. ",Germany
" Nach dem angesprochenen Mammutwerk Tales from Topographic Oceans auf dem die Band versuchte in einer Fu note eines Eso Bestsellers Angedeutetes in westlich anspruchsvolle Kulturt ne zu gie en stieg Wakeman der vornehmlich zwischen 1971 und 1973 wirkliche stilistische Akzente setzen konnte genervt aus. Ihm hatte man zu wenig Raum auf dem Album gelassen. Yes legten daraufhin mit Relayer ihre vielleicht mutigste und abgefahrenste Platte vor was nicht zuletzt dem Neuen Patrick Moraz zu verdanken ist  auch wenn der kaum mitkomponiert hat . Relayer ist deutlich st rker auf der jazzrockigen Seite ja es gibt sogar einige Musique Concr te Passagen zu h ren. Bis 1977 g nnte man sich dann eine Pause die jedes Bandmitglied mit einem Soloalbum f llte. Danach und unter Wiedernutzung der Wakemanschen Talente ging es weiter  Going for the One  bis Anderson und Wakeman gemeinsam nach katastrophal verlaufenen Aufnahmesessions in Frankreich f r den Nachfolger von Tormato selbst schon ein mediokres Album ausstiegen. Das entsprechende Album wurde gl cklicherweise nie ver ffentlicht einige Outtakes erschienen sp ter auf dem Sampler In a Word  Yes und auf den Rhino Reissues der Alben Tormato und Drama. ",Germany
" Nun 1980 zeigte sich da  Yes   entgegen den Beteuerungen der Rockpresse   nicht zuletzt eine Gitarrenband war  auch ohne die beiden vermeintlichen Protagonisten schaffen es die verbliebenen drei Mitglieder unter Mithilfe der Buggles  Video killed the Radio Star  Trevor Horn  Gesang  und Geoffrey Downes  Keyboards  mit Drama ein hervorragendes Album zu produzieren das trotz neuer Musiker nicht nur nach Yes klang sondern auch 100 ig Yes war. Dennoch brach 1980 die Band auseinander. ",Germany
" In gewisser Weise markiert dies das Ende der Band Yes  Der Ausstieg von Wakeman und Anderson als S nger f r viele Fans eine wichtige Identifikationsfigur sowie die Neuaufstellung der Musikindustrie Ende der 70er Jahre hinterlie en ihre Spuren. Seit dieser Zeit muss man Yes als ein Projekt bezeichnen  Die gemeinsamen Jahre waren vorbei zentrale Figuren waren zerstritten man heiratete und so kam es dass sich seit den fr hen 80er Jahren fast f r jedes neue Album eine neue Konstellation von Musikern zusammenfand. Die wechselnden Antipathien aber auch die sprunghaften Entwicklungen der Studiotechnik f hrten dazu dass kaum je wieder alle Bandmitglieder gemeinsam im Studio standen. Auch fand man sich immer nur zu Aufnahmen zusammen jenseits des Studios gingen sich die Musiker weitgehend aus dem Weg. Selbst bei Tourneen fuhren nicht alle gemeinsam im gleichen Tourbus. ",Germany
" Bis 1980 hatte die Band ihre Songs aus kleinen und kleinsten Ideen aller beteiligten Musiker zusammengebaut nun f hrte die Abkehr von der bew hrten kollektiven Kompositionsweise zu einem gravierenden stilistischen Wandel  Yes wurde eine Pop Rock Band. Verantwortlich daf r war der Druck der Plattenfirma. 1980 hatte Boss Ahmet Erteg n zu Chris Squire gesagt  Das n chste Album muss einen Singlehit haben . Da Yes aber keine Band ist die Hits schreiben kann und ohnehin kaum neues Material vorbereitet hatte war man froh auf die Hilfe des s dafrikanischen S nger und Gitarristen Trevor Rabin zur ckgreifen zu k nnen. Der hatte seit einiger Zeit verschiedenen Bands und Labels seine Demos angeboten Yes Atlantic griffen zu. Yes spielte seine Demos ein zun chst noch unter dem Namen Cinema doch weil Management und Plattenfirma der Meinung waren dass man mit dem am Markt etablierten Namen Yes erfolgreicher sein w rde als mit einem Namen der erst h tte neu eingef hrt werden m ssen holte man Jon Anderson und den ersten Keyboarder Tony Kaye in die Band zur ck und nannte die Band Yes. Ohne die beiden h tte es rechtliche Probleme mit dem Namen gegeben. ",Germany
" Nach zwei erfolgreichen Alben 90125 und Big Generator verlie  Anderson frustriert die Band. Zeitweise existierten dann zwei Yes gleichzeitig  eine Band unter dem Namen Yes eine unter dem Namen Anderson Bruford Wakeman Howe. Nach einem rein finanziell motivierten Wiedervereinigungsveruch 1990 mit einer achtk pfigen Band und dem hektisch zusammengeschusterten Album Union versuchte man halbherzig an den Stil der 70er Jahre anzukn pfen teils in der 80er Besetzung  Talk  teils in der klassischen Besetzung mit Wakeman und Howe  Keys to Ascension  doch der Poprock setzte sich durch vor allem forciert von Chris Squire. ",Germany
" Gleichzeitig erlebte der Progressive Rock einen zweiten Fr hling  Bands wie Spock s Beard oder die Flower Kings kn pften an die Musik der 1970er Jahre an. Wer aber erwartet hatte dass Yes oder die reformierten ELP sich nun an die Spitze des neuen Trends setzen w rden wurde entt uscht. Pers nliche Querelen standen dem ebenso im Weg wie die stilistische Ausrichtung an einem Massengeschmack dessen Tr ger jedoch die Band nach und nach verlie en. Yes wurde mit Alben wie Keys to Ascension Open your Eyes und The Ladder musikalisch zu einer sich selbst zitierenden Randerscheinung und die Verkaufszahlen nahmen zusehends ab. ",Germany
" Dass Yes seit den fr hen 90er Jahren keinen festen Plattenvertrag mehr hatten und von Album zu Album wieder aufs Neue Klinken putzen mussten war der Situation der Band nicht gerade zutr glich. Ein Tiefpunkt war 1997 erreicht als die Band nach einem Wechsel zu Eagle Beyond auf Tournee gehen wollten die Plattenfirma sie aber nicht lie  weil sie ohne ein neues Produkt halb leere Hallen bef rchtete. Da Yes aber kein neues Material hatten wurde kurzerhand das Material eines Nebenprojekts von Chris Squire und Billy Sherwood zum Yes Album Open your Eyes umfunktioniert. ",Germany
" Auch die n chsten Alben erschienen bei unterschiedlichen Plattenfirmen die mangels Verkaufserfolgen immer weniger Geld in die Produktionen investierten. Nach der Ver ffentlichung des Albums Magnification im Jahre 2001 einer Zusammenarbeit mit gro em Orchester die auf m  ige Begeisterung und niedrige Verkaufszahlen stie  und anschlie enden Touren ebenfalls kostspielig mit Orchestern zog sich die Band aufgrund interner Streitereien zur ck und beschr nkte sich aufs  Wieder ver ffentlichen von Compilations Boxen und DVDs. Alle Mitglieder verfolgten Solo  oder Nebenprojekte darunter Conspiracy und The Syn  Chris Squire  Anderson   Wakeman White  Alan White  Asia  Steve Howe  und Yoso  Billy Sherwood Tony Kaye Bobby Kimball . Als Anderson die Band aus gesundheitlichen Gr nden verlassen musste und deshalb sogar eine Tournee platzte suchten sich die verbleibenden Mitglieder Squire White und Howe Ersatz in Person von Beno t David S nger einer Yes Coverband. Zeitweise war auch Rick Wakemans Sohn Oliver Mitglied er wurde jedoch 2011 von Drama Keyboarder Geoff Downes ersetzt um das neuen Album Fly from here als eine Art Neuauflage der Drama Besetzung vermarkten zu k nnen. ",Germany
" Doch auch Fly from here stie  nicht mehr auf die Begeisterung der Fans  Erneut fuhr ein Studioalbum rote Zahlen ein. Um die Verluste auszugleichen schickte Yes  neue Plattenfirma das italienische Oldielabel Frontiers Records die Band auf lange Tourneen auf denen sie ausschlie lich ihre alten Klassiker spielte   etwas dass sie seit der Keys to Ascension  re Mitte der 90er Jahre ohnehin schon getan hatte. Die Setlisten dieser letzten 20 Jahre  hnelten einander auff llig und rekrutierten sich vor allem aus den Alben The Yes Album Fragile Close to the Edge und Going for the One. Neue St cke wurden allenfalls sporadisch gepielt. ",Germany
" Inzwischen hatte Jon Davison vorher bei Glass Hammer Beno t David ersetzt weil dieser im Gegensatz zu seinem Vorg nger selbst Songs schrieb. Es wurde offensichtlich dass Yes dringend neues Material ben tigten  schon Fly from here hatte zu gro en Teilen aus alten Ideen aus den 80er Jahren bestanden . Die Einsparungen bei den Aufnahmen zum n chsten Album Heaven   Earth wurden diesmal noch drastischer  Die Band war vor den Aufnahmen kaum komplett versammelt vielmehr reiste Davison mit seinen Demos von einem Mitglied zum n chsten. Zudem erlaubte Frontiers Yes nicht einmal die H fte der Zeit die sie normalerweise im Studio ben tigen. Entsprechend sparsam waren Songwriting und Produktion. Dazu kam dass Band und Plattenfirma mit der Produktion unzufrieden war  Die Musik habe einfach nicht nach Yes geklungen. Am Ende wurde Billy Sherwood damit betraut die Aufnahmen zu  berarbeiten. ",Germany
" Julia Engel ",Germany
" Winter Guide To Paris   Julia Berolzheimer ",Germany
" Gal Meets Glam s Winter Guide to Paris includes where to stay neighborhoods to visit where to eat and what to do along with a Paris photo guide ",Germany
" Neutral   Julia Berolzheimer ",Germany
" Michael Kors Coat Theory Top  more suede pieces here  Topshop Turtleneck NastyGal Pants MICHAEL Michael Kors Boots  last seen here here and  ",Germany
" Instagram post by Julia Engel  Gal Meets Glam    Dec 17 2016 at 1 18am UTC ",Germany
" 25.3k Likes 201 Comments   Julia Engel  Gal Meets Glam    juliahengel  on Instagram  Always the sous chef never the chef but there s nobody else I d rather have boss me around in the   ",Germany
" Our Scotland Adventure Part 2   Julia Berolzheimer ",Germany
" Julia Engel shares her photo guide from Scotland  A carriage ride through the countryside and off road driving adventure during her stay at Gleneagles. ",Germany
" Julia Engel on Instagram  On the lookout yesterday overlooking the Drummond Estate  scotland  gmgtravels  fallinscotland  fallstyle  fallcolors  tweed  plaid  ",Germany
" 30.6k Likes 287 Comments   Julia Engel   juliahengel  on Instagram  On the lookout yesterday overlooking the Drummond Estate  scotland  gmgtravels  fallinscotland   ",Germany
" Homepage   Julia Berolzheimer ",Germany
" Happy  and I linked this outfit in my profile   pinkparis  gmgtravels  fauxfur  pink  paris  parisjetaime  parismonamour  pinklady ",Germany
" A Day in Charlotte With Lela Rose   Julia Berolzheimer ",Germany
" Outfit Details  Lela Rose Sweater   Skirt  dress version  c o Fendi Bag Sam Edelman Boots  on sale here and here   ",Germany
" A Day in Charlotte With Lela Rose   Julia Berolzheimer ",Germany
" Outfit Details  Lela Rose Sweater   Skirt  dress version  c o Fendi Bag Sam Edelman Boots  on sale here and here   ",Germany
" Golden Hour At Home   Gal Meets Glam ",Germany
" I love going out and exploring in San Francisco. T and I can t wait sometimes to get our during Golden Hour to catch some great shots and then a sunset. ",Germany
" 10 Plaid Pieces For Fall   Gal Meets Glam ",Germany
" Julia Engel  Gal Meets Glam  on Instagram  Bonjour New York  So happy to finally have  Sezane  one of my favorite French brands  in the states  And their new store is beyond   ",Germany
" 23.7k Likes 136 Comments   Julia Engel  Gal Meets Glam    juliahengel  on Instagram  Bonjour New York  So happy to finally have  Sezane  one of my favorite French brands  in the   ",Germany
" Homepage   Julia Berolzheimer ",Germany
" Early morning on the lake planning out the day  manoirhovey  quebec  easterntownships  gmgtravels  canada  falltravels  cozymorning  lakeside ",Germany
" Julia Engel  Gal Meets Glam  on Instagram  Rainy nights in New York with this guy by my side     NYC  rainydays  gmgtravels  mylove  ",Germany
" 21.8k Likes 118 Comments   Julia Engel  Gal Meets Glam    juliahengel  on Instagram  Rainy nights in New York with this guy by my side     NYC  rainydays  gmgtravels  mylove  ",Germany
" Gal Meets Glam ",Germany
" Poppy Fields in France   Julia Berolzheimer ",Germany
" Outfit Details  Urban Outfitters Dress Red Sunglasses  no longer available similar here and here  Bag One of the first  ",Germany
" Cologne at Night ",Germany
" World War Two Facts   Germany Tourism and Travel by Everything about Germany ",Germany
" World War II was the most destructive military event in the history of the world. The deaths attributed to this global conflict are estimated at 50 to 70 million lives lost over a six year period. It involved almost all of the world s great nations divided into two major powers the Allies and the Axis. By     ",Germany
" sammlungheinrichbecker.de ",Germany
" Claudia Schoen s Store   Society6 ",Germany
" Shop Claudia Schoen s Society6 store featuring unique designs on various products across art prints tech accessories apparels and home decor goods. Worldwide shipping available. ",Germany
" Museum Ludwig K ln ",Germany
" Glass goods from Roman tombs of the 1st to 3rd cen  ",Germany
" Glass goods from Roman tombs of the 1st to 3rd century CE Romano Germanic Museum in Cologne Bodendenkmalpflege The post Glass goods from Roman tombs of the 1st to 3rd c ",Germany
" Illustrationen f r Web und Print aus K ln  Kreativ Geschichten erz hlen ",Germany
" AntikBar Original Vintage Posters ",Germany
" Cologne Koln Germany Midcentury 1960s   original vintage poster by Werner Lubbe listed on AntikBar.co.uk ",Germany
" 22 Fotos die wirklich nur K lner raffen k nnen ",Germany
" K lle   Do bes e Jef hl  ",Germany
" Just another WordPress site ",Germany
" Cologne Carnival Karneval Koln Germany German Travel Advertisement Art Poster ",Germany
" Find many great new   used options and get the best deals for Cologne Carnival Karneval Koln Germany German Travel Advertisement Art Poster at the best online prices at eBay  Free shipping for many products  ",Germany
" Cologne Germany is More Cool Than You Think ",Germany
" Travel guide to the best things to do in Cologne  K ln  Germany. My super interesting guide includes the best restaurants bars   shopping ",Germany
" A different kind of End of the Year Review 2020  Outtakes   new Beginnings ",Germany
" My end of the year review 2020 ",Germany
" Do you remember my end of the year review 2019  Back then I predicted 2020 is going to be my year. Well by now I only can sarcastically laugh at this statement and say  haha. To be honest 2020 also had some lovely moments and wasn t only bad. I went on a wonderful trip to Paris at the beginning of the year and was able to be part in a TV production  I wrote more about it here  for example. I also learned to really appreciate the small things in life. Nevertheless all in all 2020 was quite an emotionally hard year   and this doesn t even only have to do with Corona. So I am more than ready for new beginnings and a hopefully a more light hearted year 2021. ",Germany
" I even did the first step for a new beginning and completely redesigned my blog RetroCat.de as you might already have seen. And of course I am very curious if you like it. If you want just tell me what you think about it  ",Germany
" And now let s pass the last year in review   but not in a traditional way. I rather want to share some funny photos with you and tell you just a little bit what happened in the last few months. ",Germany
" PS  As I always get so many questions about my outfits whenever I don t link the garments I tried to find the clothes I am wearing in the pictures or at least some alternatives for you and linked them.   ",Germany
" This blogpost contains affiliate links  marked with    ",Germany
" January  A Birthday Trip to Paris ",Germany
" As I already mentioned at the beginning the year started wonderfully with a birthday tirp to Paris and a visit at the Crazy Horse. Furthermore the shooting of the TV show I took part in began. So January was a quite fun and exciting month for me   it actually feels like a complete different life when I now think about it. ",Germany
"  Affiliate links ",Germany
" February  A short Trip to W rzburg ",Germany
" In February we went on a short trip to W rzburg   which was also our last trip of the year. And I actually would name the photo of me in front of the castle  ",Germany
" My facial expression when someone asks me if I want to repeat 2020.  ",Germany
" RetroCat about 2020   ",Germany
" Furthermore more shootings for the TV production took place in Cologne. And when I travelled from Munich to Cologne by train I actually landed in Frankfurt as my train got cancelled due to a storm  Oh what a trip this was.   ",Germany
"  Affiliate links ",Germany
" March  Cologne and Lockdown No. 1 ",Germany
" I acutally can t believe by now that at the beginning of March I went back to Cologne for another shooting. And only a few days later everything stood still and I fell into kind of a shock induced paralysis   somehow I feel like I am still stuck in March sometimes. What a crazy time this was and I guess my facial expression describes this pretty well.   ",Germany
" April  Spring Vibes ",Germany
" With the start of spring everything became more bearable and I finally felt a bit better. I went out a lot for long walks in nature and started spring cleaning my flat. ",Germany
"  Affiliate links ",Germany
" May  Light hearted Times ",Germany
" In May everything became much easier. The weather was great we had quite pleasant temperatures and went out into some of the wonderful parks in Munich. ",Germany
"  Affiliate links ",Germany
" June  Early Summer in the Countryside ",Germany
" In early summer we went to the countryside and enjoyed nature as well as the wonderful alpine upland. At the same time I started to share my weekly reviews and am still surprised that I actually published them on a quite regular base. ",Germany
"  Affiliate links ",Germany
" July  Summer in the City ",Germany
" In July summer came into the city  And instead of enjoying the really hot days at the Croatian coast we sweated in our city flat in Munich. So we started to work on our balcony and made it more beautiful to be able to spend the warm days outside. Furthermore it finally was possible to meet some my friends again without feeling somehow bad. We went to caf s and restaurants and I really enjoyed this time of the year. ",Germany
"  Affiliate links ",Germany
" August  Relaxed Summer Days in Southern Bavaria ",Germany
" The beginning of August was really hard due to some personal reasons. So we went back to the countryside to relax a bit and find some inner peace. ",Germany
"  Affiliate links ",Germany
" September  A hot late Summer ",Germany
" September might have been the last light hearted month of 2020. It was still super warm we did a lot of photo shoots went out for long walks and really enjoyed those late summer days. ",Germany
"  Affiliate links ",Germany
" October  Autumn in Sight ",Germany
" October usually is my absolute favourite month. With the end of summer though Corona came back and I actually really missed those light hearted summer days. Nevertheless the colourful autumn leaves and my long walks through nature made this month still some kind of lovely. ",Germany
"  Affiliate links ",Germany
" November  Lockdown No. 2 ",Germany
" In November I mentally felt like we were back in March. The light hearted summer days were gone a long time ago and we went back into another lockdown. Nevertheless especially at the beginning of November temperatures were still pleasant and I enjoyed some more walks in nature. ",Germany
"  Affiliate links ",Germany
" December  Another kind of Christmas ",Germany
" December was a much better month for me. I decorated my flat christmassy and really got into Christmas mood. And due to the start of the vaccination in many parts of the world I really hope for a more joyful year 2021. I don t have a problem with wearing a mask when being in public. But what I really miss is meeting and hugging my friends as well as going out every now and then   especially now in winter. ",Germany
"  Affiliate links ",Germany
" I don t really have special plans for 2021 and decided to simply wait for whatever might come. Nevertheless I am optimistic and quite postive that things will get better. Well at least I hope so.   ",Germany
" How was your year 2020  I really hope you also had some lovely moments and now can look back to a challenging but not completely catastrophic year. ",Germany
" You may also enjoy  ",Germany
" Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked   ",Germany
" Comment ",Germany
" Name   ",Germany
" Email   ",Germany
" Website ",Germany
" Mit der Nutzung dieses Formulars erkl rst du dich mit der Speicherung und Verarbeitung deiner Daten durch diese Website einverstanden. EN  By using this web form you agree that this website is allowed to save and process your data.   ",Germany
" Newsletter ",Germany
" E Mail ",Germany
" anmelden   subscribe ",Germany
" Disclaimer ",Germany
" This blog contains affiliate links. If you shop products via those links I may get a small provision which helps me to maintain my blog. Of course the price doesn t change. Items marked with c o or  PR Sample were given to me as free test samples. ",Germany
" Architecture ",Germany
" Lizieres ",Germany
" The Culture and Arts Centre LIZI RES is located in the Castle Epaux B zu 86 km east of Paris. The castle dating to the 19th Century offers meeting rooms a recording studio as well as accommodation  an apartment and two bedrooms with a private bath. The guests share the well equipped kitchen. The other buildings on the 3 hectare property are apartments for artists working areas and rooms for workshops. ",Germany
" What to do ",Germany
" Lizi res is a multidisciplinary meeting place and organises events trainings and seminars for various target groups and professionals from the disciplines of art philosophy science and physical practice e.g. yoga and TaiChi retreats workshops for art and design students. ",Germany
" Why we like this house ",Germany
" Simple and beautiful accommodations in an old castle with a large park. An inspiring location ",Germany
" This house is great for ",Germany
" In addition to guest accommodation Artist in Residence programmes are offered for visual artists writers and musicians. Company events such as conferences or workshops can also be organised. ",Germany
" 0 Comments ",Germany
" Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked   ",Germany
" Comment ",Germany
" Name   ",Germany
" Email   ",Germany
" Website ",Germany
" I have read and agree to the privacy policy. I accept that my details and data will be collected and stored electronically for the purposes of answering my enquiry. Please note  You can revoke your consent at any time for the future by e mailing us at kontakt urlaubsarchitektur.de  ",Germany
" Neuschwanstein ",Germany
" Neuschwanstein Castle  view from Queen Mary s bridge  ",Germany
" The sideview of Neuschwanstein Castle viewed from Marienbrucke  Queen Mary s Bridge  in  Bavaria  Germany ",Germany
" Fussen Germany June 2010 ",Germany
" Neuschwanstein Castle ",Germany
" Neuschwanstein Castle  1 Poster by Wade Aiken. All posters are professionally printed packaged and shipped within 3   4 business days. Choose from multiple sizes and hundreds of frame and mat options. ",Germany
" Neuschwanstein interior ",Germany
" Explore emillerpdx s photos on Flickr. emillerpdx has uploaded 1232 photos to Flickr. ",Germany
" IG EUROPA on Instagram  present I G O F T H E D A Y P H O T O    journey.tom L O C A T I O N   Neuschwanstein Castle    Germany Id tag  igeuropa journeytom T   ",Germany
" 13k Likes 110 Comments   IG EUROPA    igeuropa  on Instagram  present I G O F T H E D A Y P H O T O    journey.tom L O C A T I O N   Neuschwanstein Castle      ",Germany
" Study Finds King Ludwig II May Not Have Been Crazy ",Germany
" People have long believed that Bavarian King Ludwig II the man responsible for building the famous castle of Neuschwanstein was mentally ill. Indeed he was dethroned for that very reason. But a recent study casts doubt on that diagnosis. ",Germany
" Foto   page 2 ",Germany
" King Ludwig II ",Germany
" Bilder Ludwigs II.  Der K nig der Schlitten und die Nacht ...   BR.de ",Germany
" Der K nig ist tot es lebe der Mythos. Ludwig II. wollte sich selbst und anderen ein ewig R tsel bleiben. Das ist ihm gelungen. Schwankend zwischen Entr cktheit und Verr cktheit in der Residenzstadt ein Fremder bei Hofe gef rchtet von seinem Volk geliebt   so wird er gesehen so will man ihn sehen den M rchenk nig. Eine Spurensuche zum Ausklang seines 130. Todesjahres. ",Germany
" Eine Schnupftabakdose l st das R tsel  So hie  Sissi tats chlich ",Germany
" Eine goldene Schnupftabakdose l st das R tsel  Die  sterreichische Kaiserin Elisabeth  1837 1898  hie  gar nicht Sissi sondern Sisi. ",Germany
" Post Tenebras Lux .  Photo ",Germany
" Im a proud CHILEAN gal from Vi a del mar  I post everything vintage sometimes modern stuff and in rare occasion personal stuff. If you like vintage and retro stuff and dont bother to see some royalty in the middle you re welcome.   GOGM CHECK YOUR EMAIL INBOX thanks.   ",Germany
" K nig Ludwig II.  1848 1886  Biographie Lebenslauf in Bildern. ",Germany
" Ludwig II of Bavaria  Suicide or Murder  How Did the Swan King Meet His End  ",Germany
" Ludwig II of Bavaria was the favorite cousin of the famous Empress Elizabeth   Sisi   the wife of Emperor Franz Joseph II. His name became immortal due to the impressive castles he bu ",Germany
" Neuschwanstein Castle ",Germany
" Located close to F ssen in the Allg u region of Bavaria Neuschwanstein is widely acknowledged to be the most beautiful castle in the world and has been consistently voted Germany s top tourist attraction. ",Germany
" A fairytale vision ",Germany
" The castle was built in the late eighteen hundreds at enormous expense by  Mad  King Ludwig II and took a staggering twenty five years to complete. The King was an eccentric passionate about architecture and music but completely uninterested in politics and matters of state. He dragged his country into financial ruin building dozens of castles and palaces each one more magnificent and outlandish than the last. He died in mysterious circumstances on one of Bavaria s many splendid lakes the Starnberger See several years before Neuschwanstein was finished. Had he lived the King would have been truly proud of his final creation inspired by close friend Richard Wagner s operas Lohengrin and Tannh user. ",Germany
" Magnificent from afar.. ",Germany
" The white castle whose multiple turrets were the inspiration for Disney Group s Sleeping Beauty and Cinderella castles is poised on an outcrop of rock towering over a gorge in the River P llat. The surrounding woodland landscape changes with the seasons guaranteeing a spectacular view whichever time of year you choose to visit. The most remarkable vista is from the nearby Marienbr cke a bridge that spans rushing waters in the ravine below. ",Germany
" ..and from up close ",Germany
" Horse drawn carriages and buses are available to take the pain out of the steep climb from the car park to the castle gatehouse which is flanked by turrets and set with crenellations and the royal coat of arms. Tickets include the price of a guided tour which starts with a walk past the many apartments in the upper courtyard through to the main part of the castle where you ll find the lavishly painted reception known as the Minstrel s Room. Further on is the Throne Room decorated with gilded mural paintings mosaics and a tremendous chandelier. Ironically the gold and ivory throne that King Ludwig had planned to sit on was never made. Lastly there is a picturesque gallery with a spiral staircase that leads to the top of the highest turret affording breathtakingly views of the surrounding countryside. ",Germany
" It can be busy ",Germany
" One and a half million tourists visit Neuschwanstein every year and in summer 6000 people pass through the gatehouse every day so advance booking is essential. Prices are very reasonable  entrance to the castle costs around  13 per adult and is free for children but if you intend to visit nearby Hohenschwangau where King Ludwig grew up Linderhof where he rowed a golden swan boat on a lake inside an artificial grotto or the Herrenchiemsee Palace where he built a Hall of Mirrors that gives Versailles a run for its money think about buying a Bavarian castles and palaces season ticket. Valid for two weeks it gives access to over forty properties for around  44 for a family of four. ",Germany
" If time is limited but you re a detailed person guided day trips operate from many local towns including Garmisch Partenkirchen. If booked online they cost between  130    160 per person and usually include other stopping off points like Germany s highest mountain peak the Zugspitze Oberammergau home of the famous Passion Play or the majestic Benedictine monastery Ettel Abbey. ",Germany
" Getting there made easy ",Germany
" Bavaria has an extensive rail and bus network and it is perfectly possible to tour the region without a car. For Neuschwanstein first take the train to F ssen. From there it s a short bus ride to the castle. Buses depart every ten minutes. If you re using public transport buy a Bayern Ticket either online or from a vending machine. The ticket is valid for one day s unlimited travel aand for a family of four will cost around  43. ",Germany
" If you do hire a car make the most of your visit to Neuschwanstein by following the nine mile driving tour around the castle which takes in Hohenschwangau the Marienbrucke the Tegelbahn cable car  it runs to the summit of Mount Tegel and overlooks recently discovered Roman ruins  and the small but distinctive Kolomanskirche a Baroque church that stands quite alone at the foot of the Schwangauer Berge. ",Germany
" Sightseeing can be hungry work ",Germany
" A free multivision show about Bavaria s historic sights at the Caf  and Bistro eatery on the second floor of the castle means you don t even need to stop sightseeing whilst you whilst you take a break. There is another franchise of the same bistro just outside the castle gate. ",Germany
" There are a number of inns and restaurants in the nearby village of Schwangau where you can eat at a leisurely pace whilst enjoying the exterior views. Schlossbrauhaus Schwangau is a Bavarian microbrewery with a rustic interior a few minutes walk from the castle. ",Germany
" The Rohrkopfh tte has an alpine cabin theme and a veranda with panoramic views over the valley. It specialises in the use of fresh seasonal ingredients. ",Germany
" If King Ludwig s ostentatious castle has given you a taste for the good life look no further than La Perla for a gastronomic extravaganza. This Italian restaurant has won awards for its seafood pasta dishes including the signature dish Lobster alla La Perla. ",Germany
" A room   and a spa   with a view ",Germany
" Neuschwanstein is a great stopping off point for tourists travelling along the Romantic Road which starts in Lindau on Lake Constance and ends 280 miles away in Salzburg. But the surrounding area is also great for longer vacations. Schwangau although small offers accommodation to suit all tastes and has an amazing spa with thermal baths saunas and treatment rooms. Slightly further away F ssen is a town with sights of its own worth seeing such as the Baroque cathedral and the oldest preserved fresco in Bavaria. ",Germany
" If there s one thing you must see.. ",Germany
" Neuschwanstein appeals to the romantic in all of us and travellers of all ages will be spellbound by a sight they are sure never to forget. ",Germany
" Neuschwanstein Castle ",Germany
" The castle was built in 1869 and partially completed in 1886 when King Ludwig II mysteriously died in Lake Starnberg. Since then it is opened to all visitors around the world and earmarked as the Landmark of Germany one of the most popular tourist attractions in Germany. ",Germany
" Visitor information  opening times tickets and notes ",Germany
" Tickets and opening hours ",Germany
" Guided tours inside the castles ",Germany
" Neuschwanstein Castle admission ticket includes a Tourguide. You can go online to make reservation or purchase the ticket personally at the Ticket Center in Hohenschwangau. The guided tour takes about 30 minutes and is either in German English or Audio guided in many other available languages. ",Germany
" Accessibility  ",Germany
" There are more than 300 steps in the castle. It does offer an elevator for wheelchairs with standard dimensions. Please request its use in advance at the Ticket Center. ",Germany
" Can my dog come with me in the castle  ",Germany
" Dogs and pets are not permissible in the castle  ",Germany
" May I take pictures in the castle  ",Germany
" Visitors are not allowed to take any photographs or videos in the castle. However journalists and professional photographers can apply for a permit with the castle administrator to determine an appropriate time and conditions. ",Germany
" Interactive map  Parking Tickets Buses Horse carriages free WiFi  ",Germany
" Royal View  360  Panoramic picture ",Germany
" The building Neuschwanstein ",Germany
" The Castrum Swangowe was first documented in 1090. Then two castles were standing on the site of today s Neuschwanstein Castle   medieval castles named Hohenschwangau and Hinterhohenschwangau. ",Germany
" The name Neuschwanstein appears for the first time in a document from 1397. However today s Hohenschwangau was built at this time below the present day Neuschwanstein Castle in the district of Hohenschwangau. ",Germany
" The Crown Prince and later as King Ludwig II spent his childhood in Hohenschwangau Castle. Through many hikes and walks around the ruins of the front and of the back Hohenschwangau he discoverd the later site for his first castle. ",Germany
" In 1869 construction commenced of the Neuschwanstein Castles. ",Germany
" In the next two decades hundreds of workers and craftsmen were employed on the site. King Ludwig II spent during the first years a few nights in the gatehouse of the castle in order to supervise the construction work. ",Germany
" The castle was built of stone construction and with other types of rock. The white limestone facade surfaces came from the nearby quarry Alter Schrofen from the district of Schwangau Alterschrofen. ",Germany
" When King Ludwig II died on 13th June 1886 the Neuschwanstein Castle had not yet been completed and the construction work continued until 1892. ",Germany
" Just six weeks after the death of King Ludwig II the castle opened again for visitors. In the first eight weeks around 18.000 people visited the castle. Today the castle attracts some 1.5 million visitors a year. ",Germany
" The interiors of Neuschwanstein Castle ",Germany
" In the throne room the forms of Romanesque Gothic and Byzantine art were mixed and supplemented by the new technical achievements of the late 19th century. ",Germany
" The figures of the Patrona Bavariae and depicting St. George refer to the traditions of the region of the Allg u. ",Germany
" Indicative of its natural surroundings Neuschwanstein bears its motives from the world of theatre  Christian Jank who provided the design drawings for the Castle worked previously as a background artist and took his inspiration from his work in previous setting designs. ",Germany
" From over 200 rooms only 20 were completed before the mysterious death of the king. Most of these areas are shown in the castle tours. ",Germany
" Queen Mary s bridge  Marienbr cke  ",Germany
" The bridge is about 15 minutes walk from the castle and is named after Queen Marie of Bavaria the mother of King Ludwig II. ",Germany
" It s a popular photographic spot for scenic lovers to capture the perfect shot of the castle and its surroundings. ",Germany
" The gorge  P llatschlucht  ",Germany
" The gorge is right below the castle. It s an idyllic place for visitors to relax and chill by the streams listening to the sound of gushing water flowing over rocks or simply hike along the rocky paths in this enchanted world in search of the waterfall. ",Germany
" Attraction in the Allg u  Neuschwanstein Castle ",Germany
" Little fairytale world ",Germany
" It is a beautiful sight and only 77 km  about 1 hour drive  from Oberstdorf away  The fairytale castle Neuschwanstein in Hohenschwangau near F ssen. Like no other magnificent building the castle testifies to the ideals and longings of King Ludwig II. ",Germany
" He had the castle built to create a retreat for himself. He wanted to be able to retreat into his own little fairytale world into a poetic world of the Middle Ages. ",Germany
" A trip to Neuschwanstein Castle must definitely be part of every holiday in the Allg u. ",Germany
" History of Neuschwanstein Castle ",Germany
" In the summer of 1868 preparations for the construction of the castle began. It is particularly interesting that in September 1869 King Ludwig II had the building plan various portraits of himself and coins from his reign placed in the cornerstone. The foundations of the castle are made of cement the castle walls are made of bricks and the magnificent building was clad with light limestone. Neuschwanstein was opened to the public in 1886 only after the death of King Ludwig II as the king was very shy and at the end the castle was his personal retreat. ",Germany
" Opening hours and prices in Neuschwanstein Castle ",Germany
" You would like to make a trip to the fairytale castle Neuschwanstein  Then we can give you the most important information about opening hours and prices. ",Germany
" Opening hours ",Germany
" Ticket selling times in the ticket center  ",Germany
" 01. April to 15. October  07.30 am to 5 pm 16. October to 31. March  08.30 am to 3 pm ",Germany
" Opening hours Neuschwanstein Castle  ",Germany
" 01. April to 15. October  09 am to 6 pm 16. October to 31. March  10 am to 4 pm ",Germany
" Open daily except on 1st January as well as on the 24th 25th and 31st December ",Germany
" Admission charges 2019 ",Germany
" Combination ticket K nigsschl sser  King Ludwig II s palaces  Neuschwanstein Castle Linderhof Palace Herrenchiemsee Palace . ",Germany
" Ticket is valid for 6 months and entitles to a single entry into the 3 castles ",Germany
" Costs    26 ",Germany
" Visitor magnet Neuschwanstein Castle near F ssen ",Germany
" To date around 1.4 million people visit The Castle of the Fairytale King every year. ",Germany
" With this large amount of visitors many maintenance measures are required. Movements in the foundation area must always be observed the steep cliffs must always be secured and the weather sensitive limestone facades also need regular refreshment. Restauration works will also take place this year. ",Germany
" Here are the latest information  ",Germany
" Renovation  The east fa ade of the gatehouse and the south tower of the gatehouse are renewed  these areas are partially covered with scaffolding . Furthermore the retaining wall is rehabilitated below the square tower up to the gatehouse. The access to the castle is not affected. ",Germany
" CLOSED  Until further notice the hiking trail through the P llatschlucht is closed because of rockfall. ",Germany
" Wir verwenden Cookies ",Germany
" Wir und unsere Partner verwenden Cookies und vergleichbare Technologien um unsere Webseite optimal zu gestalten und fortlaufend zu verbessern. Dabei k nnen personenbezogene Daten wie Browserinformationen erfasst und analysiert werden. Durch Klicken auf  Akzeptieren stimmen Sie der Verwendung zu. Durch Klicken auf  Einstellungen k nnen Sie eine individuelle Auswahl treffen und erteilte Einwilligungen f r die Zukunft widerrufen. Weitere Informationen erhalten Sie in unserer Datenschutzerkl rung. ",Germany
" Cookies die f r den Betrieb der Webseite unbedingt notwendig sind. weitere Details ",Germany
" Website ",Germany
" Verwendungszweck  ",Germany
" Unbedingt erforderliche Cookies gew hrleisten Funktionen ohne die Sie unsere Webseite nicht wie vorgesehen nutzen k nnen. Das Cookie  TraminoCartSession  dient zur Speicherung des Warenkorbs und der Gef llt mir Angaben auf dieser Website. Das Cookie  TraminoSession  dient zur Speicherung einer Usersitzung falls eine vorhanden ist. Das Cookie  Consent  dient zur Speicherung Ihrer Entscheidung hinsichtlich der Verwendung der Cookies. Diese Cookies werden von Hotel Exquisit auf Basis des eingestezten Redaktionssystems angeboten. Die Cookies werden bis zu 1 Jahr gespeichert. ",Germany
" Marketing ",Germany
" Cookies die wir ben tigen um den Aufenthalt auf unserer Seite noch besser zugestalten. weitere Details ",Germany
" Google Analytics ",Germany
" Verwendungszweck  ",Germany
" Cookies von Google f r die Generierung statischer Daten zur Analyse des Website Verhaltens. ",Germany
" Anbieter  Google LLC  Vereinigte Staaten von Amerika  ",Germany
" Studio  Jofa Atelier Berlin Johannisthal Outdoors  Wismar L beck  Salzspeicher  Lauenburg Rostock Helgoland Schloss Oravsky  Karpaten  Dolin Kubin auf dem Vratna Pa  Schlesische H tte auf dem Flu  Waag Tegeler Forst Production Dates  August   October 1921 ",Germany
" Premiere  ",Germany
" Nosferatu. Eine Symphonie des Grauens 35mm 1 1.33 5 reels 1967 m    106 min at 16 fps   4 March 1922 Berlin  Marmorsaal Preview   15 March 1922 Berlin  Primus Palast  ",Germany
" Nosferatu le Vampire  First French Version  35mm 1 1.33 ca. 1.900 m  16. 22 November 1922  Paris Cin  Op ra  2  ",Germany
" Nosferatu le Vampire  Second French Version  35mm 1 1.33  24 February 1928  Paris Cin  latin  ",Germany
" Die zw lfte Stunde. Eine Nacht des Grauens.  non authorized re adaptation of Murnau s film with newly shot scenes by Dr. Waldemar Roger  35mm 8 reels 1893 m  16 May 1930  Wien  ",Germany
" On the Way to Nosferatu by Enno Patalas  Unterwegs zu Nosferatu. Vorstellung einer Rekonstruktion in  Filmblatt No. 18 7 2002  ",Germany
" Murnau s Nosferatu was never a  lost film . Unlike Der Gang in die Nacht  Journey into the Night  Phantom Die Finanzen des Gro herzogs  The Finances of the Grand  Duke  and Der brennende Acker  Burning Earth  Nosferatu has always been with us in various different forms. This is largely thanks to Henri Langlois and the Cin math que Fran aise who preserved a copy of the second French version dated 1926 or 1927. This version contained the famous title which had so delighted Breton  Et quand il fut de l autre c t  du pont les fant mes vinrent   sa rencontre   which could be seen as an admittedly free but by no means inappropriate translation of the original German text  Kaum hatte Hutter die Br cke  berschritten da ergriffen ihn die unheimlichen Gesichte... It was a print from this version that reached the New York Museum of Modern Art in 1947. There as was the norm in Iris Barry s time the foreign language intertitles were translated into English. In the process the names of the characters  which in the French version had roughly approximated to the German names  were changed to the names of the characters in Bram Stoker s Dracula which the film is of course based on. In this it followed the first American version of the film. Orlok thus became Dracula Hutter became Jonathan Harker Knock  who had been Knox in the French version   Renfield Bulwer   Van Helsing... and Wisborg became Bremen. This is the form in which the film returned to Europe firstly to London and the National Film Archive and thence to Germany to a distribution company which was in the  60s performing a valuable role in making  Weimar cinema  available to a wider public. This company translated the English titles back into German retaining the altered names.  When copies were needed for export into francophone countries they translated the German titles   which had been translated from the English titles which themselves had been translated from the French   back into French. The film is still shown in this form in Goethe Institutes in Montreal Brussels Toulouse and Paris. The descriptions of the film to be found in issue no. 228 1979 of l Avant Sc ne Cin ma and in Bouvier Leutrat s 1981 book are also based on this version.  At the same time the graphic form of the intertitles was standardised from one version to the next and there was a loss in image quality down the generations. There is a story   I do not know whether it is true   that Henri Langlois used to remove the intertitles from prints of silent films. What is certain is that he was not very interested in preserving or restoring them. This was in marked contrast to Lotte Eisner who was aware of the importance of titles   at least in German films of the  20s   and who inspired me 20 years ago to begin searching for the titles of Der m de Tod  Destiny  and also Nosferatu which were thought lost. The evidence of the script and title list from Murnau s estate which Lotte had secured for the Cin math que Fran aise   and which are reproduced in facsimile in the appendix to the German edition of her book on Murnau   suggested that such a search might be worthwhile. From them we discovered that in the known prints of French provenance a sixth of the intertitles were missing  16 out of the original 97 not counting the 19 act  and opening and closing credit titles  and that many of the remaining titles differed greatly from the original text. We also discovered that writing in the film had originally had a far greater importance than the French version and its descendants had suggested. This was true not only of Nosferatu but also of Caligari The Golem and Fritz Lang s Der m de Tod and Dr. Mabuse. In the most important German films of the early  20s intertitles served not only as headings and to convey dialogue. The Caligari titles painted by Hermann Warm are a continuation of the sets also designed by Warm while working the other way round painted words  You must become Caligari   suddenly appear in the sets. In Der m de Tod the graphic style of the intertitles  which I found as flash titles in a print in the Moscow archive  are related to the place time and background story of the three episodes. The Golem titles bear the signature of the designer of the ghetto sets Hans Poelzig. In Nosferatu the action was linked to three books  to the  diary  a kind of chronicle of the plague whence the action initially emerges and into which it finally returns  to secondly the vampire book that Hutter finds in the Carpathian inn   just as one might find a Bible in a hotel room today   which shows him and his wife their future  and finally to the ghost ship s log book. In these books the action never simply moves on   rather the books edge what is seen and shown into a shadowy half light   from both the characters  and the viewer s point of view. There are in addition letters a page from a newspaper and various official documents. The well known French version and those based on it ascribed the  diary  to Johann Carvallius or Cavallius ancien magistrat et habile historien de sa ville natale. In Murnau s title list on the other hand the keeper of the diary is anonymous without fame or title. His signature is three crosses   three properly painted graveyard crosses are specified in the title list   a voice from beyond the grave. This was obviously too irrational for whoever put together the French version. The greatest works of the German cinema of the early  20s almost without exception make reference to  author less  literary genres traditional or modern   to anonymous testimonies and traditions to folk tale legend books of magic chronicles as well as crime novels and science fiction but almost never to the work of well known writers. Fritz Lang made no distinction between filming a story from a newspaper serial such as Dr. Mabuse or a saga like Die Nibelungen and when Murnau was shooting his Faust he followed not Goethe but the medieval folk epic. The anonymity of the storyteller his voice from beyond the grave is not the only pointer in Nosferatu signalling the disintegration of the bourgeois author and the bourgeois hero. The story teller who signs his work with three graveyard crosses matches the vampirical Count who finally disappears in a puff of smoke a creature somewhere between human and animal between life and death a hermaphrodite like the flesh eating plant with which he is compared in the film.  And Ellen in the first dialogue title of the film talks of the flowers Hutter has picked for her as though they were living beings  Why did you kill them  she asks. Again it is certainly no coincidence that this title is among those deleted in the French version.  It is therefore not a sign of inconsistency when Murnau having used 116 intertitles in seven different forms in Nosferatu then inspired by Carl Mayer followed the example of Scherben  Shattered  and Sylvester  New Year s Eve  and made Der letzte Mann  The Last Laugh  almost without titles explaining that the ideal film is one without any intertitles whatsoever. The proliferation of non literary pre literary popular and anonymous forms of speech and writing already goes some way towards dissolving the link between cinema and literature the most sustained expression of this effect being the title less film which rests entirely on the image. The significance of the intertitles of the Ur Nosferatu is evidenced by the title list but is illustrated even more clearly in a print preserved in the Staatliche Filmarchiv der DDR  the GDR State Film Archive  which was made available to the M nchner Filmmuseum in 1980 for our first attempt at a reconstruction. Albin Grau who was also responsible for the sets and costumes had done the lettering. They are like shot set ups within the film proper and fade in and out. Pages are turned. This print from the GDR Archive was of course no more than a skeleton but it did contain most of the titles and at least examples of almost all types of titles and inserts occurring in the film credit and dialogue titles the diary the vampire book the log book letters etc. Only the titles indicating start and end of acts were missing. This print enabled us in the  80s to make new prints of the titles or to letter them ourselves in a faithful copy of the original or to put together and then film the background elements with their text. Also in 1980 Mary Meerson made available to us another version of Nosferatu from the holdings of the Cin math que. It was again Lotte Eisner who had alerted the world to the existence of this version in an article for the January 1958 issue of Cahiers du Cin ma entitled L Enigme des deux Nosferatu. It was about a version with the title Die zw lfte Stunde   The Twelfth Hour   which a certain Dr. Waldemar Roger had assembled in 1930 with the intention of releasing it with sound   not optical sound but  stylus sound  i.e. a combination of film and gramophone record. This version contained a series of additions mostly designed to provide visual justification for the use of music. Many parts were changed around in order to give the film a happy ending for example. Again and again sequences and single shots had been shortened. The intertitles were completely new and quite different. There are however long sections where this re edit has obviously left the original shot sequence untouched. This provided us with several shots that we had previously known in either abbreviated versions or in poor condition or indeed had not known at all. These we could now add into the reconstruction. Intertitles are not the only aspect of  20s cinema which was neglected   if not actually despised   by the post war generation of cinephiles  colour is another. They came to know and love the cinema of this era in the black and white prints via which it was handed down to them. This was of course in a period when the passage from blackand  white to colour was as controversial as the change from silent to sound film had been twenty years earlier. The Cin math que print of the second French version of Nosferatu was black and white as were all the prints made from it as well as those preserved in East Berlin and also Die zw lfte Stunde. Nosferatu must have been in colour at the time of its release in 1922    tinted  and perhaps also  toned . We make this assumption not only because this was normal in Germany at the time but also because a vampire does not walk around in broad daylight as he does in all the black and white prints of the film. A definite indication that Nosferatu was intended to be coloured was found in Act 5 of the film. In the shot where the wind blows a candle out in this exact place there was a splice demonstrating that the sections before and after had been printed separately the first to be coloured yellow or orange for candle light and the second blue or green for night and moonlight. We do not know unfortunately how much influence Murnau exerted on the colouring of his films. I only remember one note in his handwriting in the script of Schloss Vogel d  Castle Vogeloed  saying Leave the dream scenes black and white.  Strangely the relevant page has in the meantime disappeared from the script preserved in the Biblioth que du Film.  He obviously left the rest of the colouring to the laboratory staff making the prints. The original intertitles also indicate that Nosferatu was very much conceived as a day and night film. At the beginning of the film every change in the time of day is announced by a title  ... at last the Carpathian peaks lit up before him Hurry the sun is setting  As soon as the sun rose the terrors of the night left Hutter  followed by a twilight image   a mountain view clouds or seascapes always without people. Later in the film the twilight images function alone without introductory title to mark the change from day to night and vice versa. In the mid  80s Luciano Berriatua of the Filmoteca Espa ola an eminent Murnau scholar found another print of Nosferatu in the depths of the Cin math que vaults a print which even Lotte Eisner herself had obviously failed to find. It was a coloured copy of the first  1922  French version of the film  about which Robert Desnos had written long before Breton had noted the film . Parts of the film were missing due to deliberate cuts by the distribution company as well as normal wear and tear on the print and the colours had altered considerably   the blue of the night scenes had disappeared completely and Nosferatu was again walking in the sunshine. Nevertheless it was still possible to see which colour had been allocated to which section. We could also tell that the French distributor had   as was normal at the time   received the coloured positive print from Germany producing only the French titles in France. One could therefore assume that the French version was based on the same colouring plan as the German version. This made it obvious that night scenes had sometimes been coloured blue and green even when a lamp was visible as the light source and one would therefore have expected yellow. In the scene at the Carpathian inn in Act 1 blue exterior shots alternate with yellow interiors as was the convention at the time but in the scenes in Hutter and Ellen s apartment in the final act when Nosferatu is sucking Ellen s blood blue exteriors alternate with green interiors. Green alternating with blue underlines the eeriness of these scenes which suggests that when Hitchcock was deciding on the colouring for The Lodger he remembered the music hall melodramas he saw as a child where the villain was always bathed in green light. Twilight images in Nosferatu were originally coloured pink as a rule with only one   the shot with the flesh eating plant the venus fly trap   coloured orange. In 1994 the Cineteca del Comune di Bologna undertook in the context of the European Community s Lumi re Project to continue the reconstruction which had begun in Munich. First a black and white negative was printed from the Paris colour print on to panchromatic stock. All missing incomplete or damaged shots were replaced from the two other nitrate prints in the Cin math que Fran aise a nitrate dupe negative of the second French version and a nitrate positive print of Die zw lfte Stunde. A colour positive print was struck from this black and white negative using the method developed by No l Desmet at the Cin math que Royale de Belgique  A neutral blackand  white image is first struck from a black and white negative and printed on to a positive colour emulsion...  this image is then exposed without negative to the desired colour by flashing coloured light on to it. The result is a black and white image on a tinted background. In addition to the 522 shots of the well known version   not including titles and inserts   a further thirty gradually found their way into the reconstruction. Most are single shots or more rarely two or three within a sequence. Only in one place is there a short sequence of five new shots together  in a scene with Harding and Ruth playing croquet . Other shots are now longer and fade in and out where there had previously been  hard  cuts or the image quality has been improved. An extra 400 metres has been added to the 1562 metres of the well known version so that no more shots should now be missing from the original 1967 metres length. Even more of a b te noire to old school film buffs than the colouring and toning of prints is the practice of presenting them with musical accompaniment. Henri Langlois was not it seems always dedicated to showing  silent films  silent and in the early days he would have Joseph Kosma accompany them on the piano. Certainly musical accompaniments in the silent film era were normally an element in bringing a film to the people rather than a part of the film s artistic creation and it took a new interest in this aspect of cinema history a desire to look beyond auteur theory to persuade film archives and cin math ques to start concerning themselves with the music. There are however indications that directors such as Lang and Murnau were no more indifferent to the musical accompaniment than they were to the colour or indeed to any part of the technical aspect of their films. We discover from the title list handed down by Lotte Eisner that the credits of the Ur Nosferatu give Hans Erdmann as the composer of the original music for the film just as the Nibelungen and Metropolis title lists name Gottfried Huppertz. Erdmann was a conductor composer and music critic and from 1926 edited the journal Film   Ton   Kunst   Film   Sound   Art  . In 1927 together with Giuseppe Becce he published the Handbuch der Film Musik. In 1932 he wrote the music for Fritz Lang s Testament des Dr. Mabuse. Erdmann and Becce have reported that before completing his films Murnau used to discuss the music with the composers. Erdmann composed his Nosferatu score as a suite which he called Fantastisch Romantische Suite. It was published in two arrangements one for full orchestra and one for palm court orchestra. The score contains ten titles   Idyllic Lyrical Ghostly Stormy Destroyed Strange Grotesque Unchained Distraught. None of the ten pieces wrote Erdmann in an open letter to an orchestra director who had attacked the composition as too highbrow was planned in such a way that it must always be used in the form provided. It is of course possible to do so but by no means obligatory. The suite was used in the cinemas of Berlin with varying degrees of success. Sometimes very good effects were produced but in other cases the results were less satisfactory. I finally heard this music arranged by the Berlin musicologist Berndt Heller and played by the DEFA Symphony Orchestra  now called the Babelsberg Film Orchestra  during a presentation of the film in a church in Neu Ruppin in the Brandenburg Marches. What struck both Heller and myself completely independently was how the musical and colouring effects reinforced each other. ",Germany
" Restoration  ",Germany
"   1981  1.733 m Filmmuseum M nchen  Enno Patalas Klaus Volkmer Gerhard Ullmann supported by Cin math que Suisse Cin math que Fran aise and the Staatliche Filmarchiv East Germany. B w. First screening  5 June 1981 Cin math que Fran aise A black and white print of the second French version of 1928  Cin mat que Suisse  was completed by sequences taken from a nitroprint of the apocryphical version Die zw lfte Stunde  The 12th Hour Cin math que Fran aise . New German intertitles and inserts according to the original title list as printed in Lotte H. Eisner  F. W. Murnau Paris 1964 and based on the graphical conception of a print from the Staatliches Filmarchiv der DDR.  Enno Patalas  ",Germany
"   1984  1.733 m Stiftung Deutsche Kinemathek Edition  Enno Patalas Colours. First screening  20 February 1984 Berlin  Zoo Palast 34th International Filmfestival Berlin  with the original music by Hans Erdmann for salon orchestra. A colour print was made from the duplicate negative of the 1981 restauration using filters tentatively brown for sunshine pink for dawn blue for moonshine yellow for artificial light.  Enno Patalas  ",Germany
"   1987  1.910 m    92 min at 18 fps better  103 min at 16 fps  Filmmuseum M nchen  Enno Patalas Gerhard Ullmann supported by Bundesarchiv Filmarchiv Koblenz Cin math que Fran aise Cin math que Suisse Filmoteca Espanola Staatliches Filmarchiv der DDR and Stiftung Deutsche Kinemathek Berlin Colours. First screening  1 5 February 1987 Munich  Gasteig Carl Orff Saal  with the original orchestral music score by Hans Erdmann  A colour print was made from the duplicate negative of the 1981 restauration using filters but this time according to a corrected colour scheme based on the tinted print of the First French Version at the Cin math que Fran aise.  Enno Patalas  ",Germany
"   1995  1.970 m    94 min at 18 fps  Cineteca del Comune di Bologna and Filmmuseum M nchen  Enno Patalas  Edition  Nicola Mazzanti  technical realisation  in collaboration with Cin math que Fran aise Cinemateca Portuguesa Bundesarchiv Filmarchiv Stiftung Deutsche Kinemathek and Cin math que Suisse.  Project Lumi re . Printing Lab  L Immagine Ritrovata Bologna Colours. First screening  Cannes 1995  Il Cinema Ritrovato Bologna  25 June 1995   London Film Festival 1995 Black and white negative based on the tinted print of the First French Version at the Cin math que Fran aise  a first generation print . Missing sequences and parts were completed by nitro materials of the Second French Version  Cin math que Fran aise  as well as from The 12th Hour. On this completed negative a new colouring scheme was applied no filter tinting but colourizing  b w on monochrome film  mainly based on the tinted print of the First French Version  yellow for sunshine but also for lamps and candles  pink for dawn  but not always   nocturnal scenes in blue  especially outdoors  and blue green  interiors and for creepy mood   Enno Patalas  ",Germany
" ... Nature participates in the action  sensitive editing makes the bounding waves foretell the approach of the varnpire the imminence of the doom about to overtake the town. Over all these landscapes   dark hills thick forests skies of jagged storm clouds   there hovers what Balazs calls the great shadow of the supernatural. ... The architecture in Nosferatu typically Nordic   brick fa ades with stubby gables   is perfectly adapted to the film s strange plot. Murnau did not have to distort the little Baltic townscapes with contrasting lighting effects  there was no need for him to increase the mystery of the alleyways and squares with an artificial chiaroscuro. Under Murnau s direction the camera of Fritz Arno Wagner required no extraneous factors to evoke the bizarre. ... Murnau created an atmosphere of horror by a forward movement of the actors towards the camera. The hideous form of the vampire approaches with exasperating slowness moving from the extreme depth of one shot towards another in which he suddenly becomes enormous. Murnau had a complete grasp of the visual power that can be won from editing and the virtuosity with which he directs this succession of shots has real genius. Instead of presenting the whole approach as a gradual process he cuts for a few seconds to the reactions of the terrified youth returns to the approach then cuts it off abruptly by having a door slammed in the face of the terrible apparition  and the sight of this door makes us catch our breath at the peril lurking behind it.   Lotte H. Eisner  The Haunted Screen. Expressionism in German Cinema. Berkely Cal. 1973 pp. 97 105 ",Germany
" ... Man hat Murnau zu Recht nachger hmt und darin einen exemplarisch  modernen  Zug seiner Film sthetik ausgemacht dass es bei ihm in einem einzigen Film ganz verschiedenartige Bildauffassungen Kadrierungen Lichtsituationen gebe. Neuere Forschungen haben nachweisen k nnen dass Murnau das verschiedenartigste ikonographische Material der Kunstgeschichte aber auch das seiner Zeit   etwa das Werk Franz Marcs   f r seine Film sthetik adaptierte und so der Formentwicklung des Films erschloss.   Jan Berg Reclams elektronisches Filmlexikon ",Germany
" ... Despite the detailed research of M. Bouvier and J. L. Leutrat the question of how Nosferatu came to be made is still something of a mystery. Virtually the only film produced by Prana Film   a financial sinking ship whose owners were subsequently taken to court for copyright violations by Bram Stoker s widow despite having changed most of the characters  names   the project owed much to the enigmatic figure of Albin Grau who signed for the decor and costumes but also seems to have been the driving force behind the production both financially and artistically. Very little is known about Grau though a recent article by Enno Patalas depicts him variously as a student of eastern philosophy a freemason and master of the  pansophic lodge of the light seekers  in Berlin a fan of Aleister Crowley a friend of novelist painter Alfred Kubin and the author of a pamphlet about the use of colour in decor and lighting in black and white films. More predictable collaborators were film industry professionals screenwriter Henrik Galeen  who co wrote The Golem  and director of photography Fritz Arno Wagner one of the three top cameramen at Ufa. ... Nosferatu is a film about networks of contagion and contamination that are also networks of secret and subversive communication. ... The French surrealists admired Nosferatu mainly for its eroticism contrasting the anodyne puppy love of Mina and Harker with Nosferatu s necrophiliac lust musty and potent at once exuding the aroma of dank crypts and leathery flesh. According to Robin Wood on the other hand sexuality is branded in Murnau s films as the source of evil  Nosferatu stands for raw carnal desire which must be kept in check in the interest of higher spiritual values and so Mina expressing that mixture of desire curiosity and horror typical of patriarchal culture s depiction of female sexuality must die along with the vampire. But the love triangles in the film also lend themselves to an interpretation that brings out a more layered structure of sexual attraction and ambivalence. For instance underlying the secret heterosexual bond between Nosferatu and Mina is the Renfield Harker Nosferatu relation. The initial situation suggests that the film superimposes two plotlines one heterosexual the other developed around the homosexual relationship between Nosferatu and Renfield doubled by the homosocial story of Harker being befriended by Renfield whereupon the older man introduces his younger friend to a very  experienced  queen. ...   Thomas Elsaesser Six Degrees of Nosferatu Sight and Sound February 2001 ",Germany
" Based illegally on Bram Stoker s Dracula F.W. Murnau s film is undeniably the best and probably the most faithful of the myriad of films based on the novel. Naively the film s producers attempted to circumvent the author s estate s copyright by changing the names and central location of the film. ... Max Schreck s role as the vampire was for many years after the completion of the film shrouded in legend probably in no small part due to Schreck s apt name  Schreck translates from German as fright fear terror horror . Some believed or were encouraged to believe that Murnau had taken the role or that The Count was playing himself. Such tales are unfortunately untrue. Schreck may have been given the role because of his name but he had been associated with Max Reinhardt s Berlin company as had many of Murnau s collaborators. Schreck had an undistinguished film career apart from his role as the vampire appearing in Murnau s The Grand Duke s Finances the year after Nosferatu. Murnau himself had been a student of then actor and finally assistant to Reinhardt before the war taking up filmmaking in 1919. Murnau was a perfectionist and a name alone would not have been sufficient reason to cast someone in a pivotal role. Schreck s emaciated ungainly appearance combined with his character s rodent like features and the vampire s lengthening fingernails creates cinema s ugliest vampire and fits with the film s aesthetic and theme of the vampire as the contagion of the epidemic that spread throughout Europe  vampire   rats   as a symbol of a diseased and corrupted aristocracy feeding off the vitality and youth of the young. This is different from the novel where the vampire is a suave and sophisticated seducer who is more akin to the sexual threat of Hammer s Christopher Lee. Here the relationship is more predatory than sexual. This is the natural order. The fatal disease is due to the parasite feeding off the living. Dr. Van Helsing shows his students a Venus fly trap devouring a fly and a polyp with mouth and tentacles consuming its live victim. Life is the fear of death and disease.   Michael Koller Senses of Cinema July 2000 ",Germany
" 1  DVD Releases based on the definitive 1995 Bologna restauration The ultimate edition is yet to come. It should include the complete original German intertitles the original score by Hans Erdmann which was restored in 1995 and the 1995 documentary by Luciano Berriat a on Murnau s life and work El lenguaje de las sombras  240 min  ",Germany
" Kino on Video  released on 24 September 2002 in the USA NTSC Region 0  ",Germany
" Kino on Video  Kino German Horror Classics    Region 0 This Kino on Video edition of Nosferatu is mastered from a color tinted 35mm negative restored by the Cineteca del Comune die Bologna at the laboratories of L Immagine Ritrovata. It is licensed by Transit Films on behalf of the Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau Stiftung Wiesbaden Germany  cover text  Runtime  93 21 min Video  1.30 1 4 3 FullScreen   Average Bitrate  7.40 mb s   NTSC 720x480 Audio    Musical Score by G rard Hourbette and Thierry Zaboitzeff performed by Art Zoyd Dolby Digital 2.0 Stereo   Musical Score by Donald Sosin vocals by Joana Seaton Dolby Digital 2.0 Stereo Intertitles  English Extras  Lengthy excerpts from other films by F. W. Murnau  Journey Into the Night  1920  The Haunted Castle  1921  Phantom  1922  The Last Laugh  1924  Faust  1926  Tabu  1931   ca. 30 min    Photo gallery   Scene comparison  Novel screenplay   film   Trailers hidden as easter eggs for Dracula  1931  Mark of the Vampire  1935  Dracula Prince of Darkness  1965  Nosferatu  1979  DVD Release Date  September 24 2002   Keep Case   Chapters  18   DVD Encoding  NTSC Region 0   DVD 9 ",Germany
" Follows the 1995 Bologna restauration. Two music tracks are supplied. One by Donald Sosin features synthesizer pan pipes and a woman s voice with cheesy cries and gasping for Ellen as she dreams of dark things. The other by G rard Hourbette and Thierry Zaboitzeff is more atmospheric with wind effects and occasional industral noises and isn t terribly musical. ... A comparison of Harker Hutter s meeting of the count and first meal is also provided covering the original novel Henrik Galeen s screenplay for Nosferatu a clip from the film itself and  unbilled on the package  Orson Welles  Mercury Theatre radio dramatization of Dracula from July 1938.  Digitally Obsessed  ",Germany
" BiFi  British Film Institute released on 21 January 2002 in the UK PAL Region 2  ",Germany
" British Film Institute   Channel 4 Silents Edition  BFIVD520    Region 2  UK  Runtime  88 32 min    4  PAL Speedup   92 min  Video  1.32 1 4 3 Windowboxed FullScreen   Average Bitrate  5.18 mb s   PAL 720x576 Audio  Musical Score by James Bernard Dolby Digital 2.0 Stereo performed by The City of Prague Philharmonic Intertitles  English Extras    Video Essay by Professor Sir Christoper Frayling  Author of  Vampires    24 11 min    On screen Biographies of FW Murnau and James Bernard   Downloadable DVD ROM content of notes by Enno Patalas about the Restoration of the Film  On the Way to Nosferatu   Web Link   Sleeve Notes by Philip Kemp DVD Release Date  21 January 2002   Keep Case   Chapters  18   DVD Encoding  PAL Region 2  UK    SS SL DVD 5 ",Germany
" The edition follows the 1995 Bologna restauration and consists of a Photoplay Production screened in 1997 by the TV station Channel Four in the UK. This explains for the new English intertitles of Framelines Graphics but alas also for the fuzzy low resolution picture. The picture is windowboxed. The music is by the late James Bernard  1925 2001  composer of classic Hammer productions like The Quatermass Experiment  1955  Dracula  1958  and The Damned  1962  who in 1997 composed an orchestral score that was performed by the City of Prague Philharmonic for the Channel Four television presentation ",Germany
" Film Sans Fronti res  released in France in 1999 PAL Region 0  ",Germany
" Films Sans Frontieres 2 Collection Films du Si cle  EDV 1075    Region 0 Runtime  92 57 min Video  1.33 1 4 3 FullScreen   Average Bitrate  7.7 mb s   PAL 720x576 Audio  Musical Score by Galeshka Moriavoff MPEG 2.0 Stereo at 192 kb s Intertitles  German with optional French or English subtitles Extras    French b w print which runs at 60 36 min at 24fps French titlecards   Filmography of F.W.Murnau   Historical notes DVD Release Date  23 November 1999   Keep Case   Chapters  5   DVD Encoding  PAL Region 0   SS DL DVD 9 ",Germany
" The tinted edition is based on a used dirty print of the 1995 Bologna version. The transfer doesn t render any of its qualities  grey pictures in a coloured sauce.  Enno Patalas   Perhaps Patalas  judgement is too severe here as Bram Blijleven s captures show a satisfying quality.  The b w 60 min version is a transfer of an export print from the German distributor Atlas released in the 1950 s for the French market i.e. the shortened Second French Version with English Dracula intertitles from the Museum of Modern Art translated into French.  Enno Patalas  ",Germany
" Image Entertainment  released on 2 January 2001 in the USA NTSC Region 0  ",Germany
" Image Entertainment   Blackhawk Films Collection  ID0277DSDVD    Region 0  North America  Remastered Special Edition produced by David Shepard. Mastered from 35mm Archive Material  cover text  Runtime  80 42 min Video  1.30 1 4 3 FullScreen   Average Bitrate  6.50 mb s   NTSC 720x480 Audio    Musical Score 5.0 Dolby Digital by the Silent Orchestra   Organ Musical Score by Timothy Howard Dolby Digital 2.0 Stereo   Audio Commentary Dolby Digital 2.0 Mono Intertitles  English Extras    Audio Commentary by German silent film connoisseur Lokke Heiss   The NosferaTour  10 14 min    The Phantom Carriage Ride  00 33 min    Art Production Still Gallery   Production Notes DVD Release Date  2 January 2001   Snap Case   Chapters  12   DVD Encoding  NTSC Region 0   SS SL DVD 5 ",Germany
" Remastered release of the 1998 Image Shepard DVD  see below . Still follows the Second French Version  1926 27  plus a few new sequences but again missing the sequences from the First French Version  1922  as well as from The 12th Hour. New intertitles the same as on the Eureka disc. Tinting colours are worse than on the 1998 DVD  there is no black daylight is rendered in brown or gray etc.  Enno Patalas  The DVD features a score by The Silent Orchestra that draws from a variety of 20th century musical styles. Then there is a Tim Howard organ score in stereo. This is the same score that has been available on the prior Image Entertainment DVD Laser disks and an earlier release of the Kino video. Howard s score is rooted in the music of the 19th century the setting of the story. ... There is not only greater image detail there is greater image information extracted from shadow portions of the picture. There is now a more stable image from frame to frame with fewer and less pronounced fluttering exposure fluctuations. The video transfer has utilized different 35mm materials than the old edition. ... The new transfer also features an open framing that exceeds the old transfer in the inclusion of more image information on all sides of the picture but varies from shot to shot. ... The print utilized for new edition does feature these new shots  After Hutter tosses away the vampire lore book and the shot irises out there is a panning bridge shot and another static one of the  Carpathian  mountains that are absent from the old edition  also after the ship captain is attacked an establishing shot of the ship and a shot of Hutter riding over rolling hills on horseback is featured. Some shots include iris opens and closes that are simply trimmed out in the old edition s print. The new edition includes at least one brief intertitle not in the old edition and eliminates another. Shepard has also corrected the placement of the  At the same hour . . .  intertitle before Ellen awakens and as Hutter is being attacked.  Carl Bennett  ",Germany
" Eureka Video  released on 22 January 2001 in the UK PAL Region 2  ",Germany
" Eureka Video  EKA40025    Region 2  UK  Special Edition 2 Disc DVD. The Original Full Length Version. Fully Restored. Digitally Remastered  cover text  Runtime  91 57 min Video  1.31 1 4 3 FullScreen   Average Bitrate  6.70 mb s   PAL 720x576 Audio    Modern industrial synth scoring by Art Zoyd Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround  Simulated  Intertitles  English Extras    Disc 1  Sepia version   Commentary Track   Trailer of Shadow Of The Vampire   Special Footage  Narrative depiction of supplementary images of original sketches artworks and postcards   basis for film production  theatrical posters of the time    Origins of Vampires   Nosferatu s Controversy   Disc 2  Original Black and White version  DVD Release Date  22 January 2001   Keep Case   Chapters    DVD Encoding  PAL Region 2   2x SS SL DVD 5 ",Germany
" Disc 1 contains a monocoloured sepia version disc 2 an original b w version of the film which was released from the very beginning in a five colour tinting. The trailer claims that this version is based on the last surviving print found in Germany   a marketing lie as Eureka s Ron Benson had to admit to Enno Patalas. The credits invoke the National Archives Film Archives Koblenz Town Museum Film Museum Munich and German Cinematic Foundation Berlin  sic   but in reality Eureka s version of the film is based on the 1981 Munich restauration  which at least contains some sequences not included on the Image Entertainment discs . The digital clean up that was done for this edition at IML Digital Media Melbourne is so far the best digital processing of any German classic film on DVD. The graphics of the intertitles also follow basically the 1981 Munich restauration. The commentary is the same as on the Image DVDs but spoken by an actor who tries in a involuntarily comical way to be emphatic. Roy Benson assured that the copyright holders Transit Film and Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau Stiftung not only licensed but also offered this obsolete 1981 version without an alternative offer of the 1995 Bologna restauration.  Enno Patalas  ... the release of silent features and earlie talkies is hampered by all sorts of problems usually connected with the state of the elements but also the proper copyright licensing. But even if license agreements are made that does not insure that the best quality print is being made available. Infact even with the best intentions at heart the licensors sometimes unknowingly hit a snag while supposedly steaming through clear waters.  The Laser Examiner  ",Germany
" Elite Entertainment  released on 22 Febuary 2000 in the USA NTSC Region 0  ",Germany
" Elite Entertainment  EE4376    Region 0  North America  The Masterworks of the German Horror Cinema  Der Golem  1920  Das Kabinett des Doktor Caligari  1920  Nosferatu Runtime  64 min Video  1.31 1 4 3 FullScreen   Average Bitrate  6.0 mb s   NTSC Audio    Music score by Peter Schirmann  1969  Dolby Digital 2.0 mono Intertitles  English Extras    production drawings stills scrapbook 12 page booklet DVD Release Date  22 February 2000   Custom Case   Chapters    DVD Encoding  NTSC Region 2   The 35mm print utilized for this disc s video transfer is a bit contrasty with precious little detail remaining in dark shadowy areas of the picture and is worn scratched and speckled more so in some places than others. However the transfer fares well against the 1998 David Shepard Image edition ... The revised 2001 Image edition produced by David Shepard however is a considerable improvement over both these editions. ... There does not appear to be any difference in the amount of actual footage between the two editions. The Elite edition has been tranferred at sound speed  24 frames per second  and therefore runs faster than the Image edition...  Carl Bennett  ",Germany
" Image Entertainment  released on 21 July 1998 in the USA NTSC Region 0  ",Germany
" Image Entertainment   Blackhawk Films Collection  ID4098DSDVD    Region 0  North America  This edition of Nosferatu has been digitally mastered from 35mm elements of superior quality untder the supervision of noted film historian David Shepard  cover text  Runtime  80 42 min Video  1.30 1 4 3 FullScreen   Average Bitrate    mb s   NTSC 720x480 Audio  Organ Musical Score by Timothy Howard Dolby Digital 2.0 Stereo   Audio Commentary Dolby Digital 2.0 Mono Intertitles  English Extras    audio essay by Lokke Heiss photo gallery of concept art and inspirational paintings with production notes DVD Release Date  21 July 1998   Snap Case   Chapters  10   DVD Encoding  NTSC Region 0   SS SL DVD 5 The Shepard version. The 35mm print utilized for this disc s video transfer is soft in photographic detail and a bit contrasty with precious little detail remaining in dark shadowy areas of the picture. The transfer does not seem to have been redone for this DVD as it appears to be identical to the transfer available on the 1991 laserdisc release. New English intertitles have been prepared for this edition...  Carl Bennett  The picture is identical to the Second French Version  Cin math que Fran aise . Tinting is like on the 1984 restauration not more than an attemptive speculation. The modern neutral English intertitles follow the faulty English translation of Lotte Eisner s book on Murnau  Why have you destroyed them the beautiful flowers  instead of Why have you killed them ... . Hutter is called Thomas. Lokke Heist s commentary is full of platitudes   The husband Thomas is standing next to a mirror which immediately gives us the feeling of doubling the idea that we have two sides to our personality. Or  This marriage seems idyllic but the undercurrent tells us there is something very wrong here. For example  This scene makes little sense unless one tries to approach the story on a symbolic level.  Enno Patalas  ",Germany
" 3  Odds and ends  Some sub standard public domain DVD editions ",Germany
" 2002 US Navarre Corporation edition 80 min with The Phantom of the Opera  1925  and Metropolis  1927  1.33 1 NTSC   2.5 mb s average bitrate   Dolby Digital 2.0 mono   Release  12 March 2002 ...among the poorer of the Nosferatu releases available on DVD. ...prepared from a poor to good quality 16mm reduction print ... too contrasty ... too tightly cropped ... flickering exposure differences ...good pipe organ score in passible mono sound...  Carl Bennett  ",Germany
" 2003 US Dettlaff edition   min with Frankenstein  1910  1.33 1 NTSC   Release  26 April 2003 ",Germany
" 2001 Arrow Video edition   min   1.33 1 NTSC   Release  29 May 2001. Features an introduction hosted by David Carradine and a music score performed by the gothic rock band Type O Negative ",Germany
" 2001 Music Video Distributors edition 63 min with Gothic Soundtrack   Release  September 11 2001 New Gothic inspired score horrible combined with the film. In this version MVD has rewritten the story and replaced the characters with Stoker s original names. Nothing was done to the transfer to increase the quality.  DVD Talk  ",Germany
" 2001 Alpha Video edition   min   1.33 1 NTSC   Release  27 November 2001 ",Germany
" 2002 Diamond Entertainment edition   min   1.33 1 NTSC   Release  30 July 2002 ",Germany
" 2002 Grapevine Video edition 84 min   1.33 1 NTSC   Release  September 2002. ",Germany
" 2003 Madacy Entertainment edition Hollywood Classics Edition     66 min   1.33 1 NTSC   Dolby Digital Mono   Original Lobby Poster Interactive Trivia Quiz   Release  4 March 2003 ",Germany
" 2003 Catcom Home Video edition with The Cabinet Of Dr. Caligari  1920    min   1.33 1 NTSC   Dolby Digital Mono   A Superman cartoon   a Pencil Mania cartoon Old Fashioned TV Commercials         Release  12 August 2003 ",Germany
" 2003 Slingshot edition German Silent Masterworks with  The Last Laugh  1924  Der Golem  1920    min   1.33 1 NTSC   Dolby Digital Mono   Release  23 October 2003 ",Germany
" 2001 UK Dark Vision edition 64 min   1.33 1 PAL   Dolby Digital Mono   Actors  filmographies director s filmography video art scene index original sketches   Release  1 October 2001 ",Germany
" 2002 French KVP edition 64 min   1.33 1 PAL   Release  19 September 2002 ",Germany
" Disclaimer by ",Germany
" This is a strictly non professional and non commercial DVD review. Don t expect industry reference work  ",Germany
" All ChiaroScuro captures are taken under MacOS X.2 using VideoLAN and Snapz ProX. For further methodological remarks see DVDBeaver  click on Methodology   We are not a lab and are doing a good a job as our time and energy permits. Thank you for understanding. ",Germany
" Out and about ",Germany
" Log path at Shrewsbury Flower show   Grows on You ",Germany
" A garden picture A clever way to use wood in the garden. ",Germany
" WINE BARREL PRODUCTS PATIO FURNITURE ADIRONDACK CHAIR ",Germany
" We make products from recycled wine barrels from the Napa Valley. Custom chairs patio furniture and wine related household items. ",Germany
" 9 365 ",Germany
" HI so my charger for my batteries has gone missing  SOOO i CANT TAKE any PICTURES  ahhh  so thats why i havent uploaded in the past two days but here is one photo that i did in photoshop its from october but eh im trying to get caught up. Im stealing teh poloraid from my school tonight so i should be able to upload number 10 ",Germany
" Speak Gently ",Germany
" .   i m erin   MIT at free people saint louis   this is what inspires me   . insta  er bear  ",Germany
" An entry from foto inspo ",Germany
" 23silence ",Germany
" Rainbows of colour fun... ",Germany
" On these dreary winter days there is nothing like a bit of colour to spice things up  Source ",Germany
" Favorite Pins Friday    Beneath My Heart ",Germany
" Happy Friday Friends  I hope you have had a good week.    My and my boys are up to something fun and spur of the moment this weekend. I will be sure to share lots of pictures with you next week  For now here are my favorite pins from Pinterest this week . Enjoy   Click on the link ... Read More about Favorite Pins Friday  ",Germany
" bt images.net ",Germany
" See related links to what you are looking for. ",Germany
" hippyness ",Germany
" Don t question why she needs to be so freeShe ll tell you it s the only way to be ",Germany
" don t call me betty ",Germany
" i simply like pictures from all sorts of things.the pictures i blog here are not mine. i found them here on tumblr or all over the internet. if you see your picture here and it is not linked to you or you want to be credited please contact me     ",Germany
" Impressive Photos of Natural Beauties ",Germany
" Three Sisters Wilderness Oregon. Go to www.YourTravelVideos.com or just click on photo for home videos and much more on sites like this. ",Germany
" Desvre ",Germany
" This blog is dedicated to beautiful pictures of animals nature and more  Have fun  ",Germany
" Our SPA philosophy  Haven of peace in the Allg u ",Germany
" Immerse yourself in the vacation world ",Germany
" Your well being is very important to us. As your personal haven in the mountains we would like to give you the best relaxation and lasting wellness moments. It is important for us that you let go of the everyday hectic and do something good for your body and mind. ",Germany
" Fully immerse yourselves in the holiday world and merge with nature in the Allg u because there are so many beautiful places of power in and around Oberstdorf which can give you new energy. Follow our SPA philosophy. ",Germany
" Closeness to nature in Oberstdorf ",Germany
" Being in harmony with nature   that is the aim of a stay with us at the Hotel Exquisit in Oberstdorf. We offer many places and activities that bring you close to nature. In the garden of the Exquisit in Oberstdorf you are right in the middle of it. When relaxing on the sun terrace you look at the mountains and in the hotel rooms you are surrounded by many natural elements. This is how wood plays an important role. ",Germany
" Rooms suites restaurant lounge or spa area thanks to the wooden elements the warmth and closeness to nature can be felt. The care products of the natural cosmetics line VINOBLE COSMETICS is just as natural. Seasonal fruits from the region and organic tea from Bioteaque  from Traunstein  also enhance well being in the SPA area. ",Germany
" Comprehensiveness in the wellness hotel in the Allg u ",Germany
" Let yourself be spoilt from head to toe at the wellness hotel Exquisit. It is important for us that your recovery is holistic and sustainable so that you recharge your batteries for everyday life at home. ",Germany
" And for that to work well we rely on exquisite service  Whether rooms or suites or moments of enjoyment from morning to night activities in nature or relaxation in our spa area. ",Germany
" From the first minute you are to feel at home and welcome in the Allg u. And just one look through the hotel door reveals that this place will be your personal haven in the mountains for the time to come. ",Germany
" Wir verwenden Cookies ",Germany
" Wir und unsere Partner verwenden Cookies und vergleichbare Technologien um unsere Webseite optimal zu gestalten und fortlaufend zu verbessern. Dabei k nnen personenbezogene Daten wie Browserinformationen erfasst und analysiert werden. Durch Klicken auf  Akzeptieren stimmen Sie der Verwendung zu. Durch Klicken auf  Einstellungen k nnen Sie eine individuelle Auswahl treffen und erteilte Einwilligungen f r die Zukunft widerrufen. Weitere Informationen erhalten Sie in unserer Datenschutzerkl rung. ",Germany
" Cookies die f r den Betrieb der Webseite unbedingt notwendig sind. weitere Details ",Germany
" Website ",Germany
" Verwendungszweck  ",Germany
" Unbedingt erforderliche Cookies gew hrleisten Funktionen ohne die Sie unsere Webseite nicht wie vorgesehen nutzen k nnen. Das Cookie  TraminoCartSession  dient zur Speicherung des Warenkorbs und der Gef llt mir Angaben auf dieser Website. Das Cookie  TraminoSession  dient zur Speicherung einer Usersitzung falls eine vorhanden ist. Das Cookie  Consent  dient zur Speicherung Ihrer Entscheidung hinsichtlich der Verwendung der Cookies. Diese Cookies werden von Hotel Exquisit auf Basis des eingestezten Redaktionssystems angeboten. Die Cookies werden bis zu 1 Jahr gespeichert. ",Germany
" Marketing ",Germany
" Cookies die wir ben tigen um den Aufenthalt auf unserer Seite noch besser zugestalten. weitere Details ",Germany
" Google Analytics ",Germany
" Verwendungszweck  ",Germany
" Cookies von Google f r die Generierung statischer Daten zur Analyse des Website Verhaltens. ",Germany
" Anbieter  Google LLC  Vereinigte Staaten von Amerika  ",Germany
" THE ROMANS AT THE MOSELLE ",Germany
" The Mosel region has the world s highest concentration of Roman finds from the third and fourth centuries. After the first storm by Franks 275 AD the former city of Augusta Treverorum was again upgraded and acted temporarily under Emperor Constantine as a residence and capital of the Western Roman Empire . Therefore the present day Trier has great buildings which are second only to Rome. Since 1986 nine objects in the region are a World Heritage Site of the United Nations. The Roman legacy is still alive in many places. ",Germany
" Example  One day guided tour  from 9am to 6 pm  ",Germany
" Throughout our guided tour we provide you with an overview of the work of the Romans along the Moselle. The day starts with a personal tour of one of Europe s most important archaeological museums. In 2011the Rheinische Landesmuseum Trier won theRed Dot  Best of the Best  award for his exhibition design. Right after that you will experience selected historical sites in and around Trier. Through expert information or assistance Late Antiquity the region comes alive before your eyes. ",Germany
" In the afternoon over ancient Roman roads to the countryside where we will visit a former temple and an ancient castle . You can enjoy a meal after the Roman custom in a reconstructed Roman villa. ",Germany
" Besides you learn a lot about Europe s history in the quadrangle of four countries and get to know the beautiful Moselle countryside. Talk to me. I am a certified tour guide of the Greater Region in accordance with DIN EN. ",Germany
" Alternative program half day trip  Duration 4 hours  sample  ",Germany
" Supervised tour of the Rheinische Landesmuseum Trier ",Germany
" Excursion to ancient sites in and around Trier ",Germany
" Cultural and geographical description of the landscape while on tour ",Germany
" See ",Germany
" Surf Art surf watercolor painting Poster print ocean illustration wave art coastal style beach house decor blue wall art surfing ",Germany
" 99 Wahnsinnig Intelligente Einfache Und Coole Ideen Die Man Jetzt Verfolgen Kann ",Germany
" Cool iphone wallpapers  99 Wahnsinnig Intelligente Einfache Und Coole Ide... ",Germany
" Good Art Guide on Instagram  Wonderful work from   tomaartje  check out their page for more great art.   ink  fineliner  blackandwhite  drawing  inkart  tattoo  art   ",Germany
" 158 Likes 6 Comments   Good Art Guide   goodartguide  on Instagram  Wonderful work from   tomaartje  check out their page for more great art.   ink  fineliner   ",Germany
" Whale Print Hump Back breaching in Stormy Sea with boat from   Etsy ",Germany
" UNFRAMED DIGITAL PRINTS   UNFRAMED PRINT   Whale Prints Fine Art Prints The subtle watercolour textures and cool blue colours of this Magnificent Breaching Hump Back Whale illustration brings a touch of nature to your home. This wall print is part of a series entitled  Tails of the Sea .    PLEASE NOTE THESE PRINTS ARE UNFRAMED    ORIGINAL ARTWORK  These fine art prints have been created by myself Dario Fisher using my own illustrations which has then been digitally reconstructed and  ",Germany
" this drawing tho   uploaded by mikany on We Heart It ",Germany
" Image shared by mikany. Find images and videos about art text and water on We Heart It   the app to get lost in what you love. ",Germany
" Designer Clothes Shoes   Bags for Women   SSENSE ",Germany
" Buy designer clothing   accessories and get Free Shipping   Returns in USA. Shop online the latest FW20 collection of designer for Women on SSENSE and find the perfect clothing   accessories for you among a great selection. ",Germany
" Resume Template with Instant Download   Modern   Minimal CV Template   Cover Letter   DIY   Microsoft Word Design   Emily Bond ",Germany
" Resume Template with Instant Download   Modern   Minimal CV Template   Cover Letter   Microsoft Word Design   Emily Bond RESUME CV TEMPLATE FOR MICROSOFT WORD Apply to your dream job in style with this minimal and clean resume suite complete with matching cover letter designed for use in Microsoft Word. Includes resume template optional second page cover letter. All colors including icon colors can be changed directly in Word  ",Germany
" Laredo Petroleum Publishes Inaugural ESG and Climate Risk Report ",Germany
" TULSA Feb. 22 2021   Laredo Petroleum Inc.  NYSE  LPI   Laredo or the Company  today published its inaugural ESG and Climate Risk Report covering data for 2019 operations. The report and data tables are available on the Company s website at www.laredopetro.com under the tab for Sustainability. ",Germany
" Report Highlights ",Germany
" Establishment of key emissions reduction targets  a 20  reduction in GHG intensity by 2025 zero routine flaring by 2025 and a reduction of methane emissions to less than 0.20  of produced natural gas by 2025 ",Germany
" Reporting standards and frameworks aligned with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board  SASB  the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures  TCFD  and the International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation Association  IPIECA  ",Germany
" Combined Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity already below the Oil and Gas Climate Initiative  OGCI  2025 carbon intensity targets which are aligned with Paris Agreement goals ",Germany
" Demonstrated commitment to Board diversity with women and minority directors comprising 45  of the Board ",Germany
" Embedded safety culture reflected by 2019 employee total recordable incident rate of 0.37 from one employee recordable incident during the year ",Germany
" I am extremely proud of Laredo s inaugural ESG and Climate Risk Report stated Jason Pigott President and CEO. Doing the right thing is deeply ingrained in our culture and this report reflects that philosophy. While we are pleased with our results to date we are always working to improve. We committed to making further progress on reducing emissions and reporting our results in alignment with leading reporting standards and frameworks. Laredo s future as an innovative sustainable energy producer is bright and I look forward to issuing our next ESG and Climate Risk Report by the end of 2021. ",Germany
" About Laredo ",Germany
" Laredo Petroleum Inc. is an independent energy company with headquarters in Tulsa Oklahoma. Laredo s business strategy is focused on the acquisition exploration and development of oil and natural gas properties primarily in the Permian Basin of West Texas. ",Germany
" Additional information about Laredo may be found on its website at www.laredopetro.com. ",Germany
" Forward Looking Statements This press release and any oral statements made regarding the contents of this release contain forward looking statements as defined under Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. All statements other than statements of historical facts that address activities that Laredo assumes plans expects believes intends projects indicates enables transforms estimates or anticipates  and other similar expressions  will should or may occur in the future are forward looking statements. The forward looking statements are based on management s current belief based on currently available information as to the outcome and timing of future events. General risks relating to Laredo include but are not limited to the decline in prices of oil natural gas liquids and natural gas and the related impact to financial statements as a result of asset impairments and revisions to reserve estimates oil production quotas or other actions that might be imposed by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and other producing countries  OPEC   the outbreak of disease such as the coronavirus  COVID 19  pandemic and any related government policies and actions changes in domestic and global production supply and demand for commodities including as a result of the COVID 19 pandemic and actions by OPEC  long term performance of wells drilling and operating risks the increase in service and supply costs tariffs on steel pipeline transportation and storage constraints in the Permian Basin the possibility of production curtailment hedging activities the impacts of severe weather including the freezing of wells and pipelines in the Permian Basin due to cold weather possible impacts of litigation and regulations the impact of the Company s transactions if any with its securities from time to time the impact of new laws and regulations including those regarding the use of hydraulic fracturing the impact of new environmental health and safety requirements applicable to the Company s business activities the possibility of the elimination of federal income tax deductions for oil and gas exploration and development and other factors including those and other risks described in its Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31 2019 Amendment No. 1 to its Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the quarter ended March 31 2020 its Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the quarter ended June 30 2020 its Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the quarter ended September 30 2020 and those set forth from time to time in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission  SEC . These documents are available through Laredo s website at www.laredopetro.com under the tab Investor Relations or through the SEC s Electronic Data Gathering and Analysis Retrieval System at www.sec.gov. Any of these factors could cause Laredo s actual results and plans to differ materially from those in the forward looking statements. Therefore Laredo can give no assurance that its future results will be as estimated. Any forward looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made. Laredo does not intend to and disclaims any obligation to correct update or revise any forward looking statement whether as a result of new information future events or otherwise except as required by applicable law. ",Germany
" At igr we know that New approaches to urban development and spatial planning are required  for available space decreases while demands increase . ",Germany
" Urban development and spatial planning face new challenges. Space for essential urban development is frequently unavailable in towns and cities. In the countryside there is a growing problem with empty buildings and a rural exodus. These effects of demographic changes are increasingly influencing planning considerations. Globalisation new forms of media and the rising demands of climate protection have all contributed significantly to a change in urban development processes. Active citizens  involvement is also exerting ever greater influence on planning processes. Our task is to recognize analyse and find lasting solutions to the complexity of connections involved in urban development. ",Germany
" Since settlement land must be utilised and improved more effectively innovative concepts and a holistic approach are required. The creation of additional living space in inner cities and town centres through sensible in fill and the conversion of abandoned industrial land are new areas of activity to which we can apply our experience and know how. The possibilities of saving energy and the use of reusable energy to protect the environment are topical issues with which we have successfully worked for many years. We always consider the resultant questions arising from this approach in every aspect of urban development. With our extensive experience we are able to use our expertise to provide effective and sustainable support to our customers. ",Germany
" Navigation ",Germany
" Webauftritt durchsuchen ",Germany
" Geben Sie hier den Suchbegriff ein um in diesem Webauftritt zu suchen  ",Germany
" Income ",Germany
" The University ",Germany
" The University ",Germany
" The City ",Germany
" N rnberg is the largest city in Franconia the northern part of Bavaria and the economic centre of the Metropolitan Region  EMN . ",Germany
" Several well known companies have their headquarters in N rnberg. Gingerbread electronic and high tech products beer stationary supplies and toys are some of the products produced here. N rnberg situated about 170 km North of Munich has a population of 490000  1.1 million in the agglomeration  and therefore is the second largest city in Bavaria. ",Germany
" The unmistakable face of N rnberg s city centre is moulded by the mostly rebuilt historical buildings patrician houses churches the castle and the city walls which give it a medieval atmosphere. The surrounding countryside with its lakes hills river valleys and villages offers many possibilities for leisure activities and weekend trips. N rnberg lying in the very centre of Europe can be easily reached from anywhere. The international airport is only seven kilometres away from the old city the motorway network and the Intercity s hourly service links N rnberg with the rest of Europe. The University ",Germany
" The Friedrich Alexander University Erlangen N rnberg  FAU  was founded in 1743.The four classical faculties   Theology Law Medicine and Philosophy   have been in existence since then. Since the 1960s the range of faculties of the university has become wider and wider. The School of Trade and Commerce  founded in 1919  was renamed The Department of Economic and Social Science in 1961. This made the FAU   together with the introduction of the Technical Faculty in 1966   a modern future orientated university perfect for education with a well balanced mixture of traditional and innovative fields of research and teaching. ",Germany
" Within the Metropolitan Region Nuremberg FAU likewise plays an important role as employer generator of innovations and centre for education. Due to the close connections between research and teaching students at FAU receive a well founded academic training in an inspiring environment. ",Germany
" Address of the University  Friedrich Alexander Universit t Erlangen N rnberg Postfach 3250 D 91023 Erlangen phone   49  0  9131   85 0 fax   49  0  9131   85 22 131 https   www.fau.de  Code ERASMUS  D ERLANGE 01 ",Germany
" TOEFL  Code  8265 ",Germany
" The School of Business and Economics ",Germany
" The School of Business and Economics  former  WiSo  has around 34 chairs and 5500 students in the fields of Business Administration Economics Law Social Sciences Business   Education and Business Computer Science. We are forming a new Faculty since 2007 with the Law School in Erlangen. Students pick their subjects from a wide variety of choices offered by the different chairs. ",Germany
" The BA studies should be finished in six semesters  the MA studies usually take another two years. Successfully graduating the diploma will be hand out to the students. The faculty started its international programms in the 70s and today has got around one hundred close ties to other business schools all around the world. Since then our international exchange students have grown to become an integral element of our faculty s teaching. ",Germany
" School of Law   School of Business and Economics School of Business and Economics Lange Gasse 20 D 90403 N rnberg phone  0049  0 911 5302 0 http   www.wiso.fau.de ",Germany
" The International Office ",Germany
" The International Relations Office is responsible for everything concerning the internationalisation of our School   including the care for foreign students sent to N rnberg by any one of our partner universities and as well for those going abroad. We do this job in co ordination with the Central Office of International Affairs  former   Akademische Auslandsamt  in Erlangen. If you are studying in N rnberg please contact us firstly if you have any questions or problems  ",Germany
" International Relations Office Universit t Erlangen   N rnberg Lange Gasse 20 90403 N rnberg phone.   49  0 911 5302 627 fax   49  0 911 5302 726 e mail  wiso international fau.de ",Germany
" Through the countryside through time ",Germany
" Time travel for active travellers ",Germany
" A shark in the Eifel  It was an everyday occurrence 400 million years ago because the Eifel was a seascape with coral reefs and mussel beds. Our five day long exciting journey through  ...  ",Germany
" Through the countryside through time ",Germany
" Time travel for active travellers ",Germany
" A shark in the Eifel  It was an everyday occurrence 400 million years ago because the Eifel was a seascape with coral reefs and mussel beds. Our five day long exciting journey through time begins with a look at the Devon era and the search for fossil witnesses of the time. ",Germany
" This tour has been designed by Nordeifel Tourismus GmbH . ",Germany
" It guides us with huge steps through the times and the wonderful rambling landscape of the Eifel. Stations dealing with the history of nature and culture such as a tour of the stone age cave a Roman temple a medieval castle alternate smoothly with sociable elements such as a wild herb picnic in the moor landscape of the Sistig Krekeler Heath or a medieval banquet. Immerse yourself in former ways of living and learn new aspects about the multifaceted relationship between mankind and landscape up to the present. And one thing is a promise  you will emerge from this time travel refreshed. This is not just down to the healthy Eifel air but also the good balance between the conveying knowledge and active relaxation. ",Germany
" Booking enquiry ",Germany
" You can quickly and easily send us an enquiry using our booking form. ",Germany
" The services ",Germany
" We have put the following services together for you. Between 10 and a maximum of 15 people can take part. ",Germany
" 4 nights accommodation with half board Welcome coffee ",Germany
" Hotel Berghof or guest house in Hellenthal ",Germany
" You have the choice. We will gladly advice you in the choice of holiday accommodation to meet your needs. ",Germany
" Guided tours with our nature guide ",Germany
" We won t leave you stranded ",Germany
" Our nature guide accompanies you to the highlights of the nature region. He is always there for you if you have any questions and wishes. ",Germany
" Some transfers with bus companies some individual transfers ",Germany
" Lots of roads get you there ",Germany
" We would be pleased to answer your questions on organised bus transfers and individual arrivals. ",Germany
" Highlights ",Germany
" Visit to the Eifel Nature Centre ",Germany
" Fossil search ",Germany
" Visit to the castles in Wildenburg and Reifferscheid ",Germany
" Questions about the programme ",Germany
" Send us a message if you still have any questions. We look forward to your e mail  ",Germany
" Our philosophy ",Germany
" It is our guiding principle to combine attractive experiences in nature with practical conservation. ",Germany
" Respectful interaction with nature in the Eifel and with its flora and fauna lies at the centre of our philosophy  ...  ",Germany
" Our nature regions ",Germany
" Contact ",Germany
" We are always here for you If you have any questions requests or wishes just ask us and we will be glad to help  ",Germany
" Information for visitors  ",Germany
" Hotels Apartments and Rooms ",Germany
" Germany s most beautiful webcams ",Germany
" We have installed quite a few webcams all around the royal castles Neuschwanstein and Hohenschwangau. ",Germany
" Video  Schwangau village of the royal castles ",Germany
" The Romantic Road ",Germany
" Traveling from the River Main to the Alps it s Germany s best known and most popular tourist routes passing along famous medieval towns while savoring the beautiful landscapes. Schwangau is located right at the southern end of the Romantic Road. ",Germany
" Beautiful timelapses ",Germany
" Things to do in Schwangau ",Germany
" Tegelberg Cable Car ",Germany
" It s an ideal starting point awaiting the most adventurous hikes with many possible hiking trails to Neuschwanstein Castle and around the mountainous region. There are several ski and flight schools as well as mountain climbing recreational center who will gladly help you gain a wonderful learning experience. ",Germany
" Recreational sports like Paragliding and Hang gliding can be found here. ",Germany
" Alpine holiday with the K nigsCard ",Germany
" The K nigsCard with more than 250 services is an All Inclusive Card for a truly royal experience. The K nigsCard is only valid for Allg u. ",Germany
" Those who booked their holidays with one of the K nigsCard Partner hosts will receive the card with all its amazing offers. ",Germany
" Health therapy Spa and Relaxation ",Germany
" Schwangau has been renowned as an excellent climatic health resort best air quality beautiful parks and spas. You will also find qualified medical and therapeutic facilities here. ",Germany
" Do combine your holiday with all these splendid offers for an exciting and wonderful stay. Promise you will be fully charged and will plan for your next return  ",Germany
" Forggensee boat trip ",Germany
" The boat trip is only available in Summer. The cruise takes you to a panoramic view of the Alps gives you an unforgettable experience with serenity and freshness brings you a memory of a lifetime  ",Germany
" Royal Spa   K nigliche Kristall Therme ",Germany
" Enjoy a unique pool and spa overlooking Neuschwanstein Castle. Learn the realm of the elements of fire water earth crystals and gemstones. ",Germany
" All rooms built within the spa were taken from the Byzantine period. ",Germany
" The Museum of the Bavarian Kings ",Germany
" The museum presents many centuries of historic artifacts and treasures from the Wittelsbach family one of Europe s oldest dynasties. ",Germany
" Here you can relive the history of the royal family and the life of King Ludwig II which is vividly shown. ",Germany
" The winter sports in Tegelberg ",Germany
" Cable car with four mini lifts guarantee the enjoyment for Alpine skiers and snowboarders. Cross country skiing with several possible trails skiers will get to enjoy unpolluted crystal clear air and spectacular view of the majestic mountains. ",Germany
" Zombies In Miami   Groove Podcast 258 ",Germany
" Zombies In Miami s Canibal and Jenice   last names are for the living   look a lot healthier than their moniker implies however they do also not seem to catch much sleep. In just about ten years the Mexican duo has released a stunning series of EPs on labels like Correspondant Bordello A Parigi or 2MR before signing to the German Permanent Vacation for their forthcoming debut album and launching their own label aptly titled Creatures Of The Night. All while pursuing their respective solo careers taking up DJing and working on their live project Planet ZIM of course. Zombie In Miami s mix for our Groove podcast reveals that there is even more to expect from the two  in between music from Mexican and international friends you ll find the occasional unreleased tune by themselves. ",Germany
" First off how are you doing and what have you been up to  We are doing well we have been working in the studio on new music lots of remixes and upcoming new projects while dealing with the quarantine. We are tying to be productive besides producing music so we are gardening and building things in our countryside house. ",Germany
" You have taken part in the virtual RicoFest and contributed music to compilations like Empat a by Born In Mexico highlighting your home country s local scene. How do the consequences of the COVID 19 pandemic affect you and other Mexican musicians economically  Does the state support you are there initiatives from within the music community  RicoFest was a virtual festival organized by the Rico a multi cultural and LGBTQI  club in Mexico City. They have a really cool vibe there with different music in each floor. They invited us to play months ago and we enjoyed the experience so they invited us again for the festival. All the proceeds were given to the staff drag queens and artists involved. Born In Mexico its our booking agency platform and home in the country since 2014. The compilation Empat a is an initiative started by the crew to show empathy with the local artists and fans in these difficult days. It features some of the best Mexican producers like Pepe Mogt Vongold Balcazar S ss Pinto Cabizbajo Mystery Affair and more. It s 50 50 female and male. The pandemic has affected Mexican musicians promoters and clubs very severly we started the quarantine one week after Europe. We were touring in Japan when things became crazy and we had to cancel the rest of our tour in Asia and Australia. From May till August we had a tour booked in Europe which of course now is cancelled. The gouvernment hasn t helped us unlike in European countries the prospects for the Mexican scene and the economy as a whole are very dark. Some DJs who made a living just with music had to find other ways to survive because a lot of people in Mexico live day by day. ",Germany
" After almost a decade of activity you have released almost 20 releases and are currently preparing your debut album to be released later this year on Permanent Vacation. What can you already tell us about the record  We are more than happy to finally have the album ready. It took years to find the right moment to put out this collection of tracks which represents our ten year long journey our travels adventures good times and the musical development of our sound. It s an album full of Zombies In Miami sounds like italo house disco and our own classic vibe  We made eight tracks and we think it s a great musical story. We have just released our first single called Frodo  and the next one will be Disco Nostalgia.  We cant wait to share it with all the world  Also we are inviting friends for a special remix release after the album. ",Germany
" How did you approach writing it in comparison to the many EPs you have put out so far  We started to make this album in the beginning of 2019. We already had some solid ideas and took two months off to work only on the album. Usually when you are producing an EP you are trying to make a banging single or a solid record for the dancefloor. With the album we tried to tell a story with different rhythms that are not 100  four to the floor some ambient tracks and lots of melodies. We were relaxed and inspired doing this because we didn t have any pressure from the label and were free to do whatever we wanted. We are so happy to release our album on such a fine label like Permanent Vacation. Since the beginning of our Zombies in Miami career we wanted to put out something with them. ",Germany
" Your set up is mostly hardware based. Which gear was important when writing the album  Usually we use about 90  of hardware in our live sessions. We use Ableton to run the Midi Clock and for other sounds. We like the interaction with the gear to work. To be honest though Ableton headphones and some VSTs were key in the creation of the album. We traveled a lot last year before taking off the time to work on the the album. We had some ideas and made some sketches during our travels on Europe and America so every free moment in airports on trains in buses and hotels was essential for the conception of the album. At home we used some gear like Roland synths and drum machines NYX by Dreadbox and did the vocals with pedals arrangements and that s it. The rest is history. ",Germany
" The track Apache  came out on the recently launched Creatures Of The Night. What motivated you to start your own label and what is the philosophy behind it  We were thinking about starting a label for years. Last year we tried to do it but had many gigs and tours around the world and were working on the album so it was impossible. We didn t have the time until now so we decided to start with some classic Zombies In Miami tracks which haven t been released via Bandcamp yet like Apache  and Mission 504.  In the meantime we will properly start the label with one full Zombies in Miami EP that comes with a surprise remix. The release is ready now. The first   and our favourite   track is called Horizon.  It should be out on vinyl hopefully this year. We were motivated to do this because we have a lot of unreleased stuff and we wanted to put it out whenever we feel like it and also support Mexican artists who don t have the chance to reach big labels. For sure we will also have international friends involved on the project. We can say that we have releases upcoming by artists like Joseeph and Bad Name Roy from Mexico. We also want to make this label about gender equality so we are in the process to discover more talented people from home. ",Germany
" You are also active as a live act under the name Planet ZIM. What sets this project apart from the music you make under the Zombies In Miami moniker  We as producers like so many genres like techno reggae etc . In the studio we sometimes were having fun jamming with our hardware and some of it we liked it a lot. We had a gig request from the Goethe Institut in Mexico to play a special event with Dasha Rush and Kangding Ray so we decided to play a special live set as a surprise. Planet ZIM draws on techno and is very different from the classic Zombies in Miami sound. It was difficult for us to decide if we wanted to do it as Zombies in Miami or if it made more sense to start a different project so we decided to create a new project together. Some event promoters invited us to play as Planet ZIM. We have only one release under this name in the Common Sense compilation with great artist like DJ Nobu Peter Van Hoesen Juan Sanchez and more. We have more material that we will release later this year. We would love to play with this project in Europe some time  ",Germany
" Apart from playing live you have only recently started to DJ as a duo more frequently. What made you take this step and how do you approach DJing together as opposed to playing solo sets  We wanted to explore a different way to play shows at clubs since the last half of 2019. Of course we love to play as a live act more than anything else because it s our music and the people know us doing this. Also we had some issues in some clubs with the rider and it was almost impossible to fit all the gear in the booth and play live so we ended up playing DJ sets. After this we talked about it and decided to offer both options. Both of us have different tastes in music but we can play together very well. Also both of us have solo gigs playing live or DJ sets with our different solo projects. ",Germany
" What was the idea behind your contribution to our Groove podcast  The idea behind this mix is to share music by our Mexican and international friends of course some new unreleased Zombies in Miami tracks and stuff from the album. The sound ranges from house and disco sounds to spanish electro like Aun No  breaks or trance by Kim Ann Foxman and our Be Free  track for example. This is the kind of sound in our sets usually. We love to combine and explore different sounds quite similar like our live act. ",Germany
" Last but not least  what are your plans for the future  All our plans are paused by the moment due to the situation we are waiting to see the light after the storm. We have many plans like rescheduling our cancelled gigs in Asia and Australia Europe and all those events were planned for our album tour. Also the album will be out in September and we can t wait to have it in our hands. As we said our first vinyl record through our label should be out after this and Cani will start another label with Young Drums under the name Haunted Space Records. Jenouise is also working in her solo debut EP and Cani on his solo EBM and dark wave project Haunted Strasse. ",Germany
" Stream  Zombies In Miami   Groove Podcast 258 ",Germany
" 01. Cooper Saver   Reflection  Night Version  02. Juan Maclean   Outriders Of Planet Shulginr  Aus Music  03. Meduna   Twiniax  Gop Tun  04. Cooper Saver   Cafe Tropical  Turbotito Remix   Internasjonal  05. Zombies In Miami Lauer   Tom  Unreleased  06. Young Drums   Los Chalanes Del Ritmo  Haunted Space  07. Matisa   I Need A Bit Of Poetry  Kim Ann Foxman Remix   Biologic Records  08. Aun No   Boxes  Fulmen Records  09. Zombies In Miami   Disco Nostalgia  Permanent Vacation  10. Johannes Albert   Contra Pein  Renate Schallplatten  11. AAAA   Phased Flash  Yuyu X Infinite Machine  12. Overland   Emotional Propaganda  Cin Cin   13. Kim Ann Foxman   Magic  Unreleased  14. Zombies In Miami   Be Free  Unreleased  15. Innershades   Another Dimension  Cabaret Records  16. Von Gold   Kiss Goodbye  Born In Mexico  ",Germany