" Thank you for joining our tour to the East Garden of the Imperial Palace on June 29. We welcomed 15 guests from UK 2  Spain 3  USA 5  Germany 1  Canada 2  and Argentina 2 . We divided them in to 4 groups. The weather was raining at the beginning but the rain let up during our tour. Once we got into East Garden we totally forgot we were in the center of Tokyo. It was totally covered with fresh and bright green the moisture helped to make its green much more vibrant. In the main field of East Garden the construction for new Emperor s traditional ceremony Dijyo sai in November is on going but we could cover the most of the viewpoints of the tour. East Garden is originated by Edo Jyo  Edo Castle . Although there is some reconstructed old buildings it remains mostly original Edo Jyo s stonewalls. Walking in the East Garden requires your imagination like how was the Japanese life how was the social systems how the Edo Jyo was on those days and etc. This tour is not only 2 hours garden walk but also a trip to Edo era in your mind. All of our 4 groups enjoyed walking trough the moisture forest. Our tour is     ",Japan
" Tokyo Free Walking Tour provides with 4 route tours regularly  East Gardens of the Imperial Palace  Saturday weekly   weekday once a month  Asakusa  Sunday bi weekly  Meiji Jingu Shrine   Harajuku  Sunday bi weekly  Ueno  Sunday bi weekly   Please refer to our calendar   https   tfwt.jp tour calendar   In addition to regular tours listed above TFWT also offers private tours based on request but only if we can arrange tour guides. The Asakusa tour held on June 25 was the good example. We welcomed 20 guests from Hawaii who were participants of The 2019 Summer Study Tour To Japan Pacific Asia Administrative Council  including 17 selected students from all over Hawaii and 3 senior leaders. Traveling multiple places in Japan for two weeks and having lots of activities they selected our tour as one of the last day events. We feel honored that they choose our tour. Luckily it was a comfortable sunny day during an early summer rainy season. 20 guests divided into 4 groups enjoyed with site view and local shopping. We were impressed with their excellent manner and eagerness to know new things. This time we had more than a month lead time for coordination. But please do not hesitate to send     ",Japan
" Thank you for your participation to Tokyo Free Walking Tour   Asakusa Route   Ueno Route  on June 23 Sunday. We welcomed 20 guests from Australia Bulgaria Germany India Switzerland UK   USA. The clouds hang low all day thus during the tours we worried when it starts to rain. But the deity of weather was on our side  Probably you might be aware that it is the rainy season in most part of Japan right now and we ve been having humid weather. Does this sound depressing  That makes sense. But let me share you some enjoyments during rainy season. The early summer rainy season is called tsuyu and written with kanji characters meaning plum rain. Because it is the when plum trees bear fruit. Water plants produces beautiful flowers such as irises and water lilies. Fireflies can be added to the attractiveness of this season. They can be found flying about at night near the clean water s edge while emitting light from their lower abdomens. The myriads of tiny blinking lights creates fantastic atmosphere. Special ceremonies Chinowa kuguri  are held at shrines on the last day of June as it marks the halfway point of the year. Stepping     ",Japan
" Thank you for joining our Tokyo Free Working Tour on June.22. We welcomed a total of 30 guests from  UK 5  Spain 2  Sweden 4  USA 3  Russia 1  Germany 2  Australia 4  Swiss 1  Brasil 4  and Italia 4 . During the tour it rained on and off but we could enjoy the tour with all of our guests. Still enjoyable many blue colors in the east side of garden. In the rainy season multiple varieties of iris and hydrangea entertain us with raindrops. So that you don t need to worry about the weather in here. Especially for the the Ninomaru garden  Japanese artificial garden  which is configured to enjoy the view for all seasons. Actually our tour guide will never get tired of this view no matter how many times we guide here   Every time we guide the tour I really enjoy chatting with our all guests. This time I could teach small talk in Japanese for some guests because they will take exam of JLPT  Japan Language Proficiency Test  in this summer. I m so grad to hear about it and know many people are interested in Japan. And also another guests said they bought ORIGAMI for their souvenir and one of guests said she can make some simple products. It s     ",Japan
" Thank you for joining our tour to the East Garden of the Imperial Palace on June 18. We welcomed 21 guests from USA UK Israel Italy Canada Taiwan Germany Pakistan and Bolivia. We divided in to 4 groups. The weather was humid and hot like summer. We enjoyed our walking tour and wonderful conversation very much. And we enjoyed various kind of beautiful iris flowers in Ninomaru garden.  Typical Japanese Garden  Introducing hot springs in Japan. We Japanese love onsen  It is not too much to say that Japan is a country of onsen  hot springs . Japan is a volcanic country and one result of this is it has lots of onsen hot springs . There are some 3000 hot springs around the country. The water quality is excellent as well. There are various colors of water depending on the water quality. Although most Japanese onsen are colorless and transparent there are white water called nigoriyu brown water black water and emerald green too. It contains various minerals and provides a lot of medicinal benefits such as warming the body stimulating circulation increasing metabolism and relaxing your body and mind. People who have disease stay at bathhouse for long time to cure     ",Japan
" Thank you so much for joining our tour at Meiji Jingu Shrine   Harajuku area on June 16. We welcomed 12 guests from Pakistan Singapore Malaysia Australia and France  The rainy season had already started in Tokyo but we were blessed with sun during this tour. We could enjoy to see the Japanese traditional wedding at the front of the main Pavilion of Shrine or many young people enjoying playing dress up at the Takeshita dori Street  On June 16 was the Day of Japanese Confectionery so the Shrine gave any visitors a Japanese traditional sweets and tea. In 868 the Emperor supplied gods with the sweets or dumplings for preventing the epidemic from spreading further then it worked well. We have a Japanese garden inside of the Meiji Jingu shrine and anyone can enjoy watching Japanese irises with the admission fee. One of our group visited there. Now is the flowers high season we highly recommend to visit there    reported by Hisako  ",Japan
" Many thanks to 20 guests who participated in this tour from USA Germany Spain Greece Belgium India and Indonesia. We divided into 4 groups. The weather was terrible so it was not a very comfortable tour for all of us. We really appreciated our guests  patience on that day. Actually June is a rainy season in Japan. The phrase June Bride  does not match with Japanese climate. June is not popular wedding month in Japan. In that sense the guests experienced a very typical June weather although it was not desirable for outdoor guide tour. It is recommended to enjoy indoor tours in such season. Where in Japan is best for indoor tour  How about Todai ji Temple in Nara prefecture  It is a big hall and you can view middle age made Buddha statues inside. If you are interested in Buddhism that is the place where you can spend an hour inside. Another big hall is Higashi Honganji temple in Kyoto. There is the world s biggest wooden made building. Inside is a very spacious straw mat floor that you have to take off shoes to get on. Rainy season is the time when you should think about indoor tours. Within our presenting     ",Japan
" Thank you so much for joining the tours in Asakusa and Ueno Park on Jun 9. We welcomed 17 guests from USA UK Germany Mexico Philippines and India. Tokyo entered the rainy season on June 7. The weather forecast told that there could be raining but thankfully it was not happened. Cloudy and a little humid but not so hot. It began to rain after night so we were lucky. We really appreciate all guest for sharing your precious time together and enjoyed our tour and conversations with the guests. We are often inspired by unexpected questions and information from our guests and today s tours were definitely the ones. We wish our guests had the good time with us too. Speaking of time June 10 is Time Day  in Japan. It is not a national holiday but I think it is one of the candidates because there are no national holidays in June. The Emperor Tenchi who is the 38th Emperor on June 10 in 671 approximately 1350 years ago first made a water clock and made it a time clock to Otsu in current Shiga prefecture. Based on the historical event Time Day was enacted in 1920. Time went     ",Japan
" Thank you for all  We welcomed 20 guests from various countries such as US Philippine PortugalNew ZealandIndiaSingapore and Russia. We divided all the guests into 2 groups and each tour took 2.5 hour with 2 or 3 guides. Fortunatelyit was cloudy and sometimes sunny in such a rainy season and our tour went smoothly with a help of wouderful guests. In this season our site is full of flowers. Blue flowers are standard and lacecap hydrangea.  Ajisai and Gakuajisai in Japanese  They are just beginning to bloom. White flower is evergreen magnoria. Taisanboku in Japanese  Big petal is impressive in early Summer. Red flower is Indian coral tree. Kaikozu in Japanese  It is a simbol tree of Kagoshima prefecture in south Japan. Highlight is a beautiful iris in Ninomaru garden. It blooms freshly and youthfully with a plenty of rainwater. This weekend or next weekend will be the best to enjoy. And the guests wearing on special Kimono is as nice as those flowers. In our tour we can share Japanese naturehistory and dairy life. Please come and join us     Posted by Y.A.  ",Japan
" Thank you for joining our Tokyo Free Walking Tour in the East Garden of the Imperial Palace. On that day June 1 we welcomed around 55 guests from Australia Brazil France Germany India Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Philippine Singapore Sweden U.K. and U.S.A. Finally June has come. The month signals as the start of early summer season which tends to be Japan s rainiest time of the year. With sunny and occasionally cloudy sky we met 55 people in the square of Tokyo Station building located in Marunouch district of Tokyo. The redbrick train station was overlooking us and it also seemed to warmly welcome our tour group as it always does. Immediately before starting the tour we made four groups for several participants in line with a few assigned guides. After a twenty minute walk from Tokyo Station we went into the East Gardens of the Imperial Palace which used be Edo Castle. This historical garden is situated in a highly urbanized area of Tokyo which is fully surrounded by busy streets and concrete buildings whereas this well preserved historical location can draw us into its peaceful and calm environment. The remaining parts of the castle buildings in the garden are in     ",Japan
" The Tokyo International Foto Awards honors its winning photographers from around the world. ",Japan
" This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. ",Japan
" Strictly Necessary Cookies ",Japan
" Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. ",Japan
" Enable or Disable Cookies ",Japan
" If you disable this cookie we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. ",Japan
" 3rd Party Cookies ",Japan
" This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site and the most popular pages. ",Japan
" Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. ",Japan
" Enable or Disable Cookies ",Japan
" Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences  ",Japan
" Trace of Hollyhock Crest May Date to Ieyasu s Construction on Nijo Castle ",Japan
" Uncovered by Typhoon Kyoto ",Japan
" Photo  The trace of the Hollyhock crest decoration that was revealed after an ornamental metal fitting was detached by a typhoon. A staff member is checking the trace by marking it with chalk  afternoon September 23 Nijo Castle Nakagyo Ward Kyoto  ",Japan
" A trace of a hollyhock crest decoration has been discovered on the roof of the National Treasure Ninomaru Palace in Nijo Castle Nakagyo Ward Kyoto as of September 26. The crest is associated with Ieyasu Tokugawa the first shogun of the Edo Shogunate who built the castle. This was an unexpected disclosure as the violent storm of Typhoon No. 21 also named Typhoon Jebi which hit the region on September 4 stripped off an ornamental metal fitting that had covered the trace since the Meiji Era when the castle became an imperial villa. ",Japan
" Photo  The roof of Ninomaru Palace where the hollyhock crest decoration trace was found ",Japan
" The crest of hollyhock leaves was found on the bargeboard of the southern gable of the Ninomaru Palace. It is 64 centimeters in diameter. It seems that a wooden plate or copper plate with the crest carved on it was installed. When the castle s staff members checked the damage after the typhoon they detected a trace of the crest standing out on the bargeboard from which the ornamental metal fitting was detached. ",Japan
" Nijo Castle has a deep connection to the Tokugawa family. It was completed by Ieyasu in 1603 and it was at that castle where Yoshinobu the 15th shogun declared the restoration of imperial rule in 1867. It was used as an imperial villa called Nijo Imperial Villa from 1884 to 1939 when the castle was transferred to Kyoto City. ",Japan
" The current ornamental metal fittings were installed to replace hollyhock crests which were removed when the castle was used as an imperial villa. At the Karamon Gate and other locations in the castle it has been discovered that several imperial chrysanthemum crests were placed to cover up hollyhock crests. ",Japan
" Following an on the spot investigation Tamaki Goto a manager in the Nijo Castle office said The Ninomaru Palace has never been destroyed by fire or other causes. It is possible that the hollyhock crest whose trace was discovered this time could date back to the time of construction by Ieyasu and that it was originally gilded. We would like to conduct further investigation including the status of other metal fittings and hollyhock crests. ",Japan
"  Translated by Mie Hiuzon Psyche et l Amour Inc.  ",Japan
" Web site ",Japan
" We use cookies for a number of reasons such as keeping our websites reliable and secure providing social media features and to analyze the performance of ads. Accept   continue Read More ",Japan
" Blackpool ",Japan
" HMS Foudroyant was an 80 gun third rate of the Royal Navy and was built at Plymouth Dockyard 1798. In June 1897 she was towed to Blackpool and during a violent storm she parted a cable and dragging the remaining anchor went ashore on Blackpool Sands damaging North Pier in the process. ",Japan
" Blackpool Winter Gardens ",Japan
" Explore paul.lomas10 s photos on Flickr. paul.lomas10 has uploaded 689 photos to Flickr. ",Japan
" Postcard Blackpool Pleasure Beach Early 1970s 1 ",Japan
" Flickr is almost certainly the best online photo management and sharing application in the world. Show off your favorite photos and videos to the world securely and privately show content to your friends and family or blog the photos and videos you take with a cameraphone. ",Japan
" Lost Britain from above  Thousands of historic aerial photographs   which were almost lost forever   go online for the first time ",Japan
" Rare pictures of St Paul s Cathedral Blackpool Tower and the 1947 Thames Flood are among more than 15000 images on the new Britain from Above website. ",Japan
" BPL Preservation   BPLPreservation  ",Japan
" The latest Tweets from BPL Preservation   BPLPreservation . Sharing beautiful bygone  Blackpool. Blackpool ",Japan
" BPL Preservation   BPLPreservation  ",Japan
" The latest Tweets from BPL Preservation   BPLPreservation . Sharing beautiful bygone  Blackpool. Blackpool ",Japan
" Lytham   St.Annes on the Sea Lancashire   Local History   Guide to the Alhambra Blackpool 1899 ",Japan
" Sign in ",Japan
" Along the beach at Blackpool Lancashire England  hdr  hdrphotography  hdrphotographers  photography  blackpool  beach  tower  blackpooltower  britishphotographers  lancashire  coast  reflection ",Japan
" BPL Preservation   BPLPreservation  ",Japan
" The latest Tweets from BPL Preservation   BPLPreservation . Sharing beautiful bygone  Blackpool. Blackpool ",Japan
" To enjoy our content please include The Japan Times on your ad blocker s list of approved sites. ",Japan
" Blue Planet Prize winners honored at Tokyo event ",Japan
" Sorry but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you re not sure how to activate it please refer to this site  https   www.enable javascript.com  ",Japan
" American environmental science professor Gretchen C. Daily and German climate researcher Hans J. Schellnhuber were honored in Tokyo on Wednesday after winning this year s Blue Planet Prize awarded for contributions toward helping solve global environment problems. ",Japan
" The winners announced in June and their spouses joined a ceremony at the Palace Hotel Tokyo near Tokyo Station in Chiyoda Ward. ",Japan
" Prince Akishino and Princess Kiko attended the ceremony and the prince delivered a congratulatory speech. ",Japan
" Schellnhuber the director of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research was awarded for establishing a new field of science known as Earth system analysis. ",Japan
" Daily the Bing professor of environmental science at Stanford University received the award for her contributions toward the new interdisciplinary field of countryside biogeography. ",Japan
" The winners were given  50 million each a certificate of merit and a commemorative trophy. ",Japan
" The Asahi Glass Foundation established the prize in 1992 to recognize research and innovation related to the environment. ",Japan
" In a time of both misinformation and too much information quality journalism is more crucial than ever. By subscribing you can help us get the story right. ",Japan
" KEYWORDS ",Japan
" With your current subscription plan you can comment on stories. However before writing your first comment please create a display name in the Profile section of your subscriber account page. ",Japan
" Your subscription plan doesn t allow commenting. To learn more see our FAQ ",Japan
" Burberry Weather ",Japan
" Burberry on Instagram  Umbrellas shield against summer showers in  London this afternoon  BurberryWeather 14 C   57 F  ",Japan
" Umbrellas shield against summer showers in  London this afternoon  BurberryWeather 14 C   57 F ",Japan
" Instagram post by Burberry   May 22 2015 at 6 57pm UTC ",Japan
" The evening sun breaks through the clouds over  London  BurberryWeather 19 C   66 F ",Japan
" Burberry on Instagram  A rain soaked view of the National Gallery captured in London this morning  BurberryWeather 8 C   46 F  ",Japan
" A rain soaked view of the National Gallery captured in London  BurberryWeather 8 C   46 F ",Japan
" Instagram post by Burberry   Feb 16 2015 at 6 03pm UTC ",Japan
" An afternoon of heavy rain across London  BurberryWeather 7 C   45 F ",Japan
" Instagram post by Burberry   Dec 22 2014 at 4 19pm UTC ",Japan
" Festive twilight   the London skyline and St Paul s Cathedral captured from the South Bank ",Japan
" Instagram post by Burberry   Dec 20 2014 at 7 56am UTC ",Japan
" Instagram post by Burberry   Dec 16 2014 at 10 08am UTC ",Japan
" Morning sun over  London   a view of the South Bank from the Shard to Tate Modern ",Japan
" Instagram post by Burberry   Dec 1 2014 at 4 51pm UTC ",Japan
" London from above   Tower Bridge and the River Thames on a winter s day  BurberryWeather 7 C   44 F ",Japan
" Instagram post by Burberry   Nov 24 2014 at 3 55pm UTC ",Japan
" Blue skies and wisps of winter cloud over London s Little Venice  BurberryWeather 8 C   46 F ",Japan
" Instagram post by Burberry   Nov 3 2014 at 4 06pm UTC ",Japan
" Sunshine breaks through the clouds on a rainy London afternoon  BurberryWeather 8 C   46 F ",Japan
" Instagram post by Burberry   Oct 28 2014 at 9 28am UTC ",Japan
" Sunlight shining through the leaves of St. John s Gardens  BurberryWeather 17 C   62 F ",Japan
" Instagram post by Burberry   Oct 20 2014 at 2 35pm UTC ",Japan
" A courtyard of shadow and light   the sky clears over Somerset House in London  BurberryWeather 17 C   63 F ",Japan
" Burberry on Instagram  Reflections on a rainy day in London s Trafalgar Square  BurberryWeather 12 C   53 F  ",Japan
" Reflections on a rainy day in London s Trafalgar Square  BurberryWeather 12 C   53 F ",Japan
" Instagram post by Burberry   Sep 22 2014 at 4 55pm UTC ",Japan
" Wisps of cloud and an autumn sun above London s Tower Bridge  BurberryWeather 9 C   48 F ",Japan
" Instagram post by Burberry   Sep 1 2014 at 10 19am UTC ",Japan
" Rain clouds drift across the morning sky in South Kensington London  BurberryWeather 17 C   62  ",Japan
" Instagram post by Burberry   Aug 11 2014 at 7 44pm UTC ",Japan
" Late evening sun breaks through the storm clouds over Big Ben in London  BurberryWeather 13 C   55 F ",Japan
" Castles in Austria ",Japan
" Everywhere in Austria it seems there are palaces castles forts and ruins. Many of the castles were impressive structures built on the highest hills or mountains while others were nestled in a forest of green trees. ",Japan
" Burg Griffen ",Japan
" Burg Griffen is a castle on a 130m high limestone mountain above the town of Griffen in the Austrian state of Carinthia. The castle was built between 1124 and 1146 by order of Bishop Otto of Bamberg. In an 1160 deed Emperor Friedrich I mentioned Grivena as a Bamberg property. ",Japan
" Hofburg Vienna Austria Built in the 13th century and expanded in the centuries since the palace has been the seat of power of the Habsburg dynasty rulers and today the official residence and workplace of the President of Austria. It is one of the biggest palace complexes in the world ",Japan
" Schonbrunn Palace Vienna Austria The 1.441 room Baroque palace is one of the most important architectural cultural and historical monuments in Austria. The history of the palace and its vast gardens spans over 300 years reflecting the changing tastes interests and aspirations of successive Habsburg monarchs ",Japan
" Sch nb hel Castle Austria A charming Austrian castle on the right bank of the Danube. Built in the 12th century as a defensive fortress it was renovated and partially rebuilt in the 19th century ",Japan
" Kufstein Fortress ",Japan
" The Kufstein Fortress is the main landmark of Kufstein the second largest city of Tyrol in Austria. It stands on a hill commanding Kufstein at about 500 metres above sea level. ",Japan
" Anif Palace Salzburg Austria The palace was once the seat of the bishops of Chiemsee and was later used as a court. Remodeled in the Neo Gothic style it is most famous for its use in several movies including The Sound of Music and The Odessa File ",Japan
" Una nota de color ",Japan
" Vienna Belvedere And Music   Pinned by Mak Khalaf The Belvedere Palace in Vienna is built by Johann Lucas von Hildebrandt for Prince Eugene of Savoy. Prince Eugene was one of the most important generals of the Habsburg Empire. He earned his money in my opinion with wars. Travel AustriaBelvederePrinz EugenVienna by robschueller ",Japan
" Hohensalzburg Castle ",Japan
" Hohensalzburg Castle sits atop the  Festungsberg  a small hill in the Austrian city of Salzburg. Erected at the behest of the Prince Archbishops of Salzburg with a length of 250 m and a width of 150 m it is one of the largest medieval castles in Europe. ",Japan
" Burg Kreuzenstein ",Japan
" Burg Kreuzenstein was constructed on the remains of an early medieval castle that had fallen into disrepair and was then demolished during the Thirty Years  War. Intended to be a family vault for the Wilczek family it was rebuilt in the 19th century by Count Nepomuk Wilczek with money from the family s large Silesian coal mines. ",Japan
" Ambras Castle ",Japan
" Ambras Castle is a Renaissance castle and palace located in the hills above the city of Innsbruck. Considered one of the most popular tourist attractions of the Tyrol Ambras Castle was built in the 16th century on the spot of an earlier 10th century castle which became the seat of power for the Counts of Andechs. ",Japan
" To enjoy our content please include The Japan Times on your ad blocker s list of approved sites. ",Japan
" Chushingura Chushingura ",Japan
" Sorry but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you re not sure how to activate it please refer to this site  https   www.enable javascript.com  ",Japan
" Snow has been the backdrop to some of Tokyo s most colorful and epoch making events. ",Japan
" When pro emperor anti foreigner activists assassinated the shogun s chief councilor Ii Naosuke outside the Sakurada Gate of Edo Castle  today s Imperial Palace  on March 3 1860 the blood that stained that day s unseasonably heavy snow signaled the death knell of the Tokugawa Shogunate. ",Japan
" When some 1500 young Imperial Japanese Army officers seeking a true Imperial restoration seized the nation s capital in an attempted coup d etat on Feb. 26 1936 Tokyo was again blanketed with snow. The coup collapsed three days later but the incident became a major turning point that eventually spurred the rise of fascism in Japan. ",Japan
" Three hundred years ago   on Dec. 14 1702   the capital was also white with snow. That night a killing occurred that has been emblematic of the essence of the samurai  ever since. To this day it is embedded deep in the Japanese psyche. ",Japan
" The event has become Japan s most famous vendetta. Known as Chushingura  literally The Treasury of Loyal Retainers  after a kabuki play on which it is based it is the story of 47 ronin  masterless samurai  who beheaded a high ranking shogunate official they held responsible for the death of their lord two years earlier. As punishment the Tokugawa Shogunate ordered the ronin to commit ritual seppuku making it the most sensational incident in the Genroku Era  1688 1704  one of the most peaceful times in the Edo Period  1603 1867 . ",Japan
" Though the story has been depicted in joruri  ballad dramas with shamisen accompaniment  kabuki and movies and told in countless books the allure of the values it embodies has never faded. ",Japan
" The Chushingura chain of events began March 14 1701 when Asano Naganori the young daimyo of the Ako domain in Harima  present day western Hyogo Prefecture  drew his sword and attacked court chamberlain Kira Yoshinaka inside Edo Castle. They had been preparing for the ceremonies to receive an Imperial mission from Kyoto later that day. Although Kira suffered serious head and back injuries he survived the attack. ",Japan
" Infuriated the Fifth Tokugawa Shogun Tsunayoshi ordered Asano to disembowel himself immediately as such assaults were strictly banned inside the castle. Lord Asano was taken into custody at the residence of his fellow Lord Tamura Ukyodayu in Shinbashi where he dutifully committed seppuku later that day. ",Japan
" With its lord s death the Ako clan was cast to the winds leaving all of its several hundred vassals without a livelihood. In accordance with its rules the shogunate also took control of Ako Castle and the clan s Edo residence  on the current site of St. Luke s College of Nursing in Tsukiji . ",Japan
" To this day however it remains unclear what caused Lord Asano to act so violently though one theory has it that the brash 34 year old daimyo from the country was unfamiliar with Edo protocol and was repeatedly humiliated by Kira a refined 60 year old noble. ",Japan
" Whatever the cause the result split the Ako clan s former vassals into two factions. While one group wanted to petition the shogunate and install Lord Asano s younger brother as head of the domain the other comprised radicals eager to take revenge on Kira. In the eyes of both the masterless vassals and the public however the shogunate s decision to order only Lord Asano to commit suicide was arbitrary and partial since the established practice was to punish both parties in a quarrel. It is said that the decision was largely influenced by Yanagisawa Yoshiyasu a close aide of the shogun who had a firm grip on power behind the scenes. Yanagisawa had cozy ties with Kira the shogunate s most experienced officer in charge of Imperial relations. As a result most believed virtually no action was taken against Kira. ",Japan
" In fact the courtier s only punishment  was his own voluntary retirement. He relocated his residence near Edo Castle to a new one he had built on an 8500 sq. meter lot in Honjo Matsuzaka near Ryogoku. It is said his move came after pressure from his neighbors in the daimyo mansion district outside the castle as they feared Ako ronin might raid his residence and they could become involved in trouble. ",Japan
" When the shogunate denied the Ako clan the right to rebuild public sentiment in Edo swung even more toward the ronin   although no one publicly supported them for fear of the authorities and their spies. In fact Tokugawa Tsunayoshi the shogun at the time is viewed as the most fearful of all the Edo Period s 15 rulers for the severity of the laws he introduced. ",Japan
" Nonetheless the Genroku Era was a time when popular culture bloomed. It saw haiku poet Matsuo Basho spreading his art of words  joruri and kabuki scriptwriter Chikamatsu Monzaemon becoming Japan s answer to Shakespeare  Hishikawa Moronobu creating the style of ukiyo e  and multitalented Ogata Korin introducing original forms of art in painting pottery and textile dyeing. ",Japan
" It was also a time of prosperity. Commoners enjoyed life on tatami mats and people started taking three meals a day sometimes even eating out at outdoor stalls selling soba and snacks. Life was even better for wealthy merchants such as Kinokuniya Bunzaemon and Naraya Monaemon who both made their fortunes in the logging business and spent their money very publicly. ",Japan
" For the nonproductive class of samurai there was little to do at this time. The shogunate system was firmly in command and there had been no major upheaval in the political capital for decades to give them a raison d etre   until Lord Asano s 47 former vassals exacted their revenge in 1702. ",Japan
" In their willingness to die for their master the ronin exhibited the true spirit of samurai living in accordance with the Bushido. Developed during the Edo Period as a code of ethics unique to the samurai class the Bushido required a samurai to live with decorum and without taint and to cultivate his fortitude and manliness. Above all a samurai was loyal and obedient to his master. ",Japan
" Though most samurai even vassals of the shogunate itself were far from well paid commoners accorded them high status. Wealthy merchants would even offer their daughters  hands in marriage to those living true to the spirit of Bushido. Indeed honorable poverty was regarded as a noble state. The contemporary saying bushi wa kuwanedo takayoji  illustrates this  A bushi should pretend he has just finished a meal by having a toothpick in the corner of his mouth rather than have others think he is hungry. ",Japan
" The 47 ronin exemplified this spirit. Led by former chief retainer Oishi Kuranosuke they spent many months singlemindedly gathering information on Kira especially his new mansion which had been converted into a mazelike fort. Disguised as doctors merchants and other professionals they repeatedly met in Kyoto Edo and other locations to exchange tips. ",Japan
" Finally on the night of Dec. 14  on the lunar calendar then in use  Jan. 30 1703 on the Western calendar  as Edo was still blanketed with unthawed snow from the day before they met at one of their hideouts in Honjo near the Kira residence. ",Japan
" Clad in black coats resembling those of firefighters with white cloth bands sewn around their sleeves to avoid friendly fire in the dark the ronin proceeded to Kira s residence. ",Japan
" Once there they sent a messenger to Tsuchiya Chikara the master of the neighboring mansion notifying him they were about to storm Kira s residence and avenge their lord and asking him not to interfere. Such was the support for the spirit of their mission that he readily agreed. ",Japan
" With that detail attended to the ronin split into two groups   one entering Kira s front gate the other from the rear. After two hours of fighting the ronin achieved their goal before dawn. As Kira s retainers were caught off guard no ronin were killed in the attack  whereas they slayed 17 of Kira s men and wounded 28. ",Japan
" From Kira s house Oishi s squad went to Sengakuji Temple near Shinagawa where their master was enshrined and offered Kira s head. But on the way to the temple Terasaka Kichiemon a low ranking foot soldier left the company for a reason no one now knows for sure. One theory holds that he was given a secret mission to report to Lord Asano s widow Yozen in who was leading a monastic life that her husband had been avenged. Another has it that he was merely scared after the raid and fled. ",Japan
" After paying homage at Sengakuji the remaining 46 ronin turned themselves over in an orderly manner to shogunate authorities. The news immediately spread throughout Edo  the public and the samurai class alike including Shogun Tsunayoshi praised their prowess and their loyalty to their lord. ",Japan
" Only 12 days after the incident the first play based on the story of the Ako ronin was performed in Edo under the title Akebono Soga no Youchi  The Night Attack at Dawn of the Sogas .  Three days later it was banned by the shogunate for fear that subversive activities might spread. The story however was too potent and it would soon be re enacted again in joruri kabuki and other dramatic forms   with subtle alterations of the characters  names. ",Japan
" Public support for the ronin s cause was strong and even the shogun was sympathetic but ultimately the shogunate had to display its control over the justice system. Until a verdict was decided the ronin were placed under house arrest at four daimyo mansions outside the castle  14 ronin including Oishi with Hosokawa Tsunatoshi of the Kumamoto domain  10 with Matsudaira Sadanao of the Matsuyama domain  10 with Mori Tsunamoto of the Choshu domain  and nine with Mizuno Tadayuki of the Okazaki domain. ",Japan
" After cautious deliberations by senior shogunal officials they concluded that the raid could be interpreted as an act of righteousness    but fatally one that stemmed from a private cause  because the ronin took revenge without having the necessary shogunal approval to do so. Thus they ruled that the ronin would be ordered to commit seppuku   the utmost courtesy for a samurai s last hurrah. ",Japan
" On Feb. 4 1703 the 46 ronin simultaneously ended their lives at the mansions where they had been accommodated. Oishi was 45 while his son Chikara was the youngest among them at 16. The oldest ronin was Horibe Yahei a retired former Edo assigned vassal at 77. Their bodies were soon enshrined next to Lord Asano s grave at Sengakuji. ",Japan
" For three centuries since the popularity of Chushingura has never waned. Right after the incident Tsuchiya Kira s neighbor testified to shogunate officials that he had been impressed by the ronin whom he described as orderly and perfectly organized. ",Japan
" There is however another admirable aspect of the behavior of the Ako ronin  They showed isagiyosa which can be interpreted as grace with pride.  The attack was carefully planned certainly no spur of the moment event and the ronin all knew they faced death. When their time to die did come they did so gracefully with pride   as samurai. ",Japan
" Although the world has changed and a story like that of the Ako ronin could never occur in the 21st century the spirit of samurai and their isagiyosa is still admired by today s Japanese. Indeed it seems all the more impressive to a public sickened by the cowardly ways of its country s political business and bureaucratic leaders. Nonetheless as long as their sense of valor and loyalty remain in the Japanese psyche the popularity of Chushingura will never melt like winter s snow. ",Japan
" Condemned but  free from taint  ",Japan
" The final verdict on the 46 Ako ronin was largely influenced by Ogyu Sorai the most respected philosopher of the time even though many shogunal officials and Confucianists were rather sympathetic to them. Shogun Tokugawa Tsunayoshi ordered the ronin to commit ritual seppuku based on Sorai s logic. The following are excerpts from Sorai s opinion translated by Donald Keene in his book Chushingura   Charles E. Tuttle Co.   ",Japan
" By righteousness we mean the path of keeping oneself free from any taint and by law we mean the measuring rod for the entire country. ",Japan
" A man controls his heart with decorum and his actions with righteousness. ",Japan
" For the 46 samurai to have avenged their master on this occasion shows that they are aware of shame as becomes men who are samurai  and since they have followed the path of keeping themselves free from taint their deed is righteous. ",Japan
" However this deed is ap propriate only to their particular group  it amounts therefore to a special exception to the rules. ",Japan
" The persons connected with the vendetta considered Kira to be their enemy because Asano Naganori was punished for his disorderly behavior in  Edo Castle  and they deliberately planned an act of violence without official permission. This is not to be tolerated under the law. ",Japan
" If the 46 samurai are pronounced guilty and con demned to commit seppuku in keeping with the traditions of the samurai the claim of the Uesugi family  Kira s wife s family which was one of the most powerful clans at the time  will be satisfied and the loyalty of the men will not have been disparaged. ",Japan
" This must therefore be considered as a general principle. If general principles are impaired by special exceptions there will no longer be any respect for the law in this country. ",Japan
" TV Tokyo and its network stations nationwide will air a 10 hour drama on Chushingura starting at 2 p.m. on Jan. 2 as its new year showcase program. Featuring one of the leading kabuki actors Nakamura Kichiemon as Oishi Kuranosuke Chushingura  Ketsudan no Toki  Time for Decision   adopts the framework of Kanadehon Chushingura  which was first performed in 1748 and is still a popular kabuki production. The drama will also feature veteran actress Hitomi Kuroki as Oishi s wife Riku  Takaya Kamikawa as Asano Naganori  and Ko Hashizume as Kira Yoshinaka. Events to commemorate the 47 ronin are held annually at Sengakuji Temple Dec. 14 15. For more information see The Japan Times  festival listings at www.japantimes.co.jp festivals.htm ",Japan
" In a time of both misinformation and too much information quality journalism is more crucial than ever. By subscribing you can help us get the story right. ",Japan
" PHOTO GALLERY  CLICK TO ENLARGE  ",Japan
" With your current subscription plan you can comment on stories. However before writing your first comment please create a display name in the Profile section of your subscriber account page. ",Japan
" Your subscription plan doesn t allow commenting. To learn more see our FAQ ",Japan
" To enjoy our content please include The Japan Times on your ad blocker s list of approved sites. ",Japan
" City of Kumamoto to check mental health of 60000 children after earthquakes ",Japan
" Sorry but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you re not sure how to activate it please refer to this site  https   www.enable javascript.com  ",Japan
" KUMAMOTO   The city of Kumamoto will conduct a survey on the mental health of around 60000 children as many are believed to be under stress in the aftermath of the recent fatal quakes that hit the region according to city officials. ",Japan
" The survey will cover school age students from kindergarten through high school. They ll be asked questions such as whether they worry about being alone and if they find themselves on the brink of tears the officials said. ",Japan
" The Kumamoto Municipal Government has decided to carry out the survey as it aims to reopen local schools by Tuesday. The prefectural education board also plans to increase the number of school counselors to give support to children. ",Japan
" As of Monday three child consultation centers in the prefecture received more than 40 phone calls seeking advice on how to ease the stress and anxiety experienced by children. ",Japan
" The phone calls revealed some children refuse to go home for fear of aftershocks while others lose their temper more frequently than before. The major quakes that hit the area in mid April killed 49 people and left many residents taking refuge at shelters. ",Japan
" Many parents do not know what to do because they have never experienced something like this before so they come to us  an official at one of the child consultation centers said. ",Japan
" School counselors dispatched to evacuation centers have also found children losing their temper all of a sudden bursting out crying or refusing to speak the officials said. ",Japan
" In a time of both misinformation and too much information quality journalism is more crucial than ever. By subscribing you can help us get the story right. ",Japan
" KEYWORDS ",Japan
" With your current subscription plan you can comment on stories. However before writing your first comment please create a display name in the Profile section of your subscriber account page. ",Japan
" Your subscription plan doesn t allow commenting. To learn more see our FAQ ",Japan
" Contest Details ",Japan
" Ended ",Japan
" Contest Name Pictures Taken with Polarizing PL  Filter ",Japan
" The Theme is Pictures Taken with Polarizing PL  Filter. Any pictures along with the theme are eligible to enter this contest. Gold Prize   Your favored one filter from our catalog   Your favored size DHG Super ND500  2.7  and DHG Super ND1000 3.0  Silver Prize   Your favored one filter from our catalog   Your favored size DHG Super ND500  2.7  or DHG Super ND1000 3.0  Bronze Prize   Your favored one filter from our catalog President Special Prize   Your favored size DHG Super ND500  2.7  and DHG Super ND1000 3.0   Maximum filter size is 82mm.  E mail will be sent to the Prize Winners. The result will be published around 15th April on this web site Marumi Facebook and Marumi Instagram. Catalog is available on our web site. http   www.marumi filter.co.jp en  Discontinued products or products which have not released yet are not available. All entrants must agree to the following terms to enter this photo contest   All submissions must be original photos taken by the entrant. They must not have been won prizes in other contests.  Pictures that are against contest theme disrespectful defamatory or that infringe on the rights of a third party will automatically be disqualified and removed without notice.  Photographic consent must be obtained from the people appearing in a photo.  Marumi Optical Co. Ltd. will not be responsible for any disputes that might arise. Issues must be resolved by the contest entrant.  Marumi Optical Co. Ltd. will not use any personal information outside of the contest.  All photos must be submitted in digital format only through this site.  Files must be submitted in JPEG format and above 8 megapixels in quality less than 10MB in size.  Marumi Optical Co. Ltd. will not be responsible for any data damaged during the submission process.  Entrants retain the rights to their own work. However by entering the contest they give Marumi Optical Co. Ltd. the right to reproduce display and publish their photographs royalty free.  Whether an entrant is chosen as a winner or not their photos may be used for any purpose including but not limited to advertising and promotion of Marumi Optical Co. Ltd. and its website social media and publications.  Marumi Optical Co. Ltd. may provide a translation on the photo title for advertisement display purpose.  Marumi Optical Co. Ltd. will send messages to the prize winner to ask sending high resolution images before announcement of the contest winners. The winners will be disqualified in case they fail to return a message within the designated period after prize notification by e mail. Regardless of the reason Marumi Optical Co. Ltd. accept no responsibility for any problems associated with a failure in e mail transmission. ",Japan
" Contest Details ",Japan
" Nightscape photography with without filters is eligible to enter this photo contest. Nightscape includes starscape cityscape in the night and landscape at night etc. Gold Prize   StarScape filter   100mm Holder set   100x150 Soft GND8 Silver Prize   StarScape filter   Your favored size EXUS Lens Protect SOLID Bronze Prize   StarScape filter StarScape filter is so far limitedly available in Japanese market only and also available in Japanese packaging only. The filter has a function to reduce light pollution generated by artificial lights. The available size  58 62 67 72 77 82mm  Number of application are not limited. You can submit pictures as much as you would like if the pictures along with the contest theme.  E mail will be sent to the Prize Winners.  The result will be published beginning of February on this web site Marumi Facebook and Marumi Instagram.  All entrants must agree to the following terms to enter this photo contest   All submissions must be original photos taken by the entrant. They must not have been won prizes in other contests.  Pictures that are against contest theme disrespectful defamatory or that infringe on the rights of a third party will automatically be disqualified and removed without notice.  Photographic consent must be obtained from the people appearing in a photo.  Marumi Optical Co. Ltd. will not be responsible for any disputes that might arise. Issues must be resolved by the contest entrant.  Marumi Optical Co. Ltd. will not use any personal information outside of the contest.  All photos must be submitted in digital format only through this site.  Files must be submitted in JPEG format and above 8 megapixels in quality less than 10MB in size.  Marumi Optical Co. Ltd. will not be responsible for any data damaged during the submission process.  Entrants retain the rights to their own work. However by entering the contest they give Marumi Optical Co. Ltd. the right to reproduce display and publish their photographs royalty free.  Whether an entrant is chosen as a winner or not their photos may be used for any purpose including but not limited to advertising and promotion of Marumi Optical Co. Ltd. and its website social media and publications.  Marumi Optical Co. Ltd. may provide a translation on the photo title for advertisement display purpose.  Marumi Optical Co. Ltd. will send messages to the prize winner to ask sending high resolution images before announcement of the contest winners. The winners will be disqualified in case they fail to return a message within the designated period after prize notification by e mail. Regardless of the reason Marumi Optical Co. Ltd. accept no responsibility for any problems associated with a failure in e mail transmission. ",Japan
" To enjoy our content please include The Japan Times on your ad blocker s list of approved sites. ",Japan
" KANTO ",Japan
"  Edo and Kyo  The Townscape in Asia  ",Japan
" Edo Tokyo Museum ",Japan
" Sorry but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you re not sure how to activate it please refer to this site  https   www.enable javascript.com  ",Japan
" Downtown Kyoto was once known as Rakuchu or Rakuyo jo  Castle of Luoyang  its name derived from a Han Dynasty capital of China. As the name suggests Kyoto not only has a unique history involving China but its urban planning was modeled after Chinese capitals  square blocks of buildings surrounding the palace. This was very different to Edo now modern day Tokyo with its shogunate castle surrounded by a moat situated at the city center a convention that was later standardized for other daimyo controled cities. ",Japan
" This exhibition compares old Tokyo and Kyoto with cities of different civilizations through displays of old maps cityscape paintings and other urban paraphernalia that help reveal what city life in medieval Japan was like  March 18 May 11. ",Japan
" Edo Tokyo Museum  1 4 1 Yokoami Sumida ku Tokyo. Ryogoku Stn. 9 30 a.m. 5 30 p.m.  Sat. till 7 30 p.m. .  1300. Closed Mon. 03 3626 9974  www.edo tokyo museum.or.jp ",Japan
" In a time of both misinformation and too much information quality journalism is more crucial than ever. By subscribing you can help us get the story right. ",Japan
" PHOTO GALLERY  CLICK TO ENLARGE  ",Japan
" KEYWORDS ",Japan
" With your current subscription plan you can comment on stories. However before writing your first comment please create a display name in the Profile section of your subscriber account page. ",Japan
" Your subscription plan doesn t allow commenting. To learn more see our FAQ ",Japan
" History of Ancient Japan  History of Ideas ",Japan
" Total Priod of education and research career in the foreign country ",Japan
" 09years01months ",Japan
" Outline Activities ",Japan
" Ellen Van Goethem specializes in Japanese history. Her main focus is on the Asuka Nara and early Heian periods particularly on the layout of Chinese style capital cities on religious and philosophical thought underpinning the construction of these cities and on inscribed wooden tablets  mokkan . She has also published on site divination practices in premodern East Asia and on the influence of fengshui thought on contemporary Japanese architecture. Her current research centers on Heian Jingu with a special interest in issues related to the  re  construction of long lost buildings the deification of emperors and changes in the shrine s perception over the last century. She is the principal investigator of a collaborative project with Yuki Kato  Faculty of Design Kyushu University  and Alice Y. Tseng  Department of History of Art   Architecture Boston University . This project on the founding of Heian Jingu is funded by a Kyushu University Tsubasa Project grant. She is also the principal investigator of a three year Progress 100 Strategic Partnership grant titled Reiterations of the Past  Reconstructions Practices and Places in collaboration with colleagues from Kyushu University Leiden University Boston University UCLA and UCSB. Finally she is the co founder and a co editor of the peer reviewed Journal of Asian Humanities at Kyushu University  JAH Q . She also leads a three year Progress 100 Strategic Partnership with colleagues from Boston University Leiden University UCLA UCSB and Kyushu University on the theme Reiterations of the Past  Reconstructions Practices and Places.  She teaches undergraduate and graduate courses in premodern Japanese history material culture religious beliefs and practices and East West encounters. ",Japan
" Research ",Japan
" Research Interests ",Japan
" Research on 19th  and early 20th century creation of Shinto shrines and rituals keyword   Heian shrine Dazaifu tenmangu shrine Kashihara jingu four directional deities 2015.05. ",Japan
" Research on urban planning in ancient Japan keyword   capital city urbanisation palace city 1999.03. ",Japan
" Research on inscribed wooden tablets  ancient Japan  keyword   inscribed wooden tablets 2012.01. ",Japan
" Research on shijin soo i.e. correspondence to the four gods keyword   the Sakuteiki feng shui geomancy site divination 2008.04. ",Japan
" Research on the influence of religio philosophical thought on the establishment of the Nagaoka capital keyword   the Nagaoka capital Buddhism Confucianism Daoism yin yang and Five Phases 2007.03 2008.03. ",Japan
" research on the Nagaoka capital keyword   gridiron capital cities inscribed wooden tablets Kanmu tenno 1999.03 2008.04. ",Japan
" Current and Past Project ",Japan
" The founding of Heian jing  in 1895 is usually explained in very simple terms  it was established to commemorate the 1100th anniversary of the move to the Heian capital and was therefore dedicated to the city s founder Kanmu Tenn   r.781 806 . A closer look at the shrine s founding story reveals a much more complex narrative that involves not only doctrinal issues such as the deification of past emperors but also material aspects such as the Meiji government s creation of a blueprint for newly erected shrines and the debate on the reconstruction of ancient buildings. Moreover it explains why a major imperial shrine  kanpei taisha  can be so replete with Chinese symbolism. ",Japan
" In this project postdoctoral research DeWitt explores the religious history of Munakata Shrine      in northern Kyushu  which in fact denotes three separate shrines . The project examines a diverse range of factors as windows to understanding how the current tradition of women s exclusion from Okinoshima     is deployed and challenged. The results of this work will preserve the important histories of the shrines shed new light on the cultural phenomenon of women s prohibitions in Japan. ",Japan
" Through this research I aim to arrive at a better understanding of ancient site divination practices in East Asia in general and in Japan in particular differentiating between various divinatory models  for tombs private residences cities military camps etc. . ",Japan
" To trace how the Four gods  were interpreted in the landscape and how this knowledge spread from the continent to Japan To investigate why different interpretations were given to each of the Four Gods  To find an explanation why trees species and numbers are different among various related texts To clarify issues related to text transmission ",Japan
" Fabio Rambelli Sato Hiroo Jason A. Josephson Storm Ioannis Gaitanidis Ellen Van Goethem Carina Roth Andrea De Antoni Rebecca Suter Mauro Arrighi Jolyon Baraka Thomas Andrea Castiglioni  Animated City  Life Force Guardians and Contemporary Architecture in Kyoto Bloomsbury Publishing 2019.04 Like practitioners of many other occupations architects are often asked to justify the meaning behind their creations or are required to envelop their proposals in appealing narratives to attract clients to promote their projects or to convince neighbors city authorities and competition jurors. In this chapter I explore the long held conviction that Kyoto is a city animated by various invisible agencies and how this notion has influenced its architecture between the 1990s and the early 2000s. Inspired by the belief that the city was designed and built in the late eighth century according to the core principles of site divination  popularly known as geomancy or fengshui     Ch. f ng shu  Jp. f sui    it is generally assumed that Kyoto is vitalized by the invisible flow of qi  Ch. q    Jp. ki   life force  or cosmic breath   and protected by the guardians of the four directions. Starting in the 1990s when a fengshui boom gripped Japan several architectural projects in Kyoto were conceived announced or justified with explicit reference to these practices either because of the architect s personal beliefs a particular client s request or to convince the general public of the project s suitability to the city. Be it implicitly or explicitly from the outset or post hoc fengshui derived concepts informed  at least in part and for different reasons  the design of the architectural projects discussed here. Moreover it will become clear that the three architects behind the projects Hara Hiroshi     Isozaki Arata     and Umebayashi Katsu     each differ in their level of commitment to fengshui ranging from a near total immersion to a more casual engagement with and isolated application of its principles.. ",Japan
" 2. ",Japan
" Ellen E. M. A. Van Goethem Ellen Van Goethem Harrassowitz Verlag Wiesbaden Feng Shui Symbolism in Japan  The Four Divine Beasts in Florian C. Reiter  ed.  Theory and Reality of Feng Shui in Architecture and Landscape Art  Asien  und Afrika Studien der Humboldt Universitat zu Berlin  41 35 48. 2013.11 This paper presents a discussion of the appearance and context of feng shui symbolism in Japan. Attention is focused on the four divine beasts and their associated symbolism from their initial appearance on the Japanese archipelago until the ninth century and from the mid nineteenth century until the present day in an attempt to show how this symbolism became fully assimilated to the point that it appeared in  early  modern times in contexts no longer consciously associated with original  foreign practices or was fully absorbed into contexts that are deemed quintessentially Japanese. By doing so I would like to argue that the four directional animals preserved their role of multivalent signs susceptible to many applications interpretations meanings and values. As symbols visual depictions of underlying concepts the four divine beasts adapted to  or better still were appropriated by  changing circumstances and ideologies to appear in new and entirely different contexts.. ",Japan
" Ellen Van Goethem Kyoto  An Urban History of Japan s Premodern Capital  Matthew Stavros  Monumenta Nipponica 2017.01. ",Japan
" 2. ",Japan
" Ellen Van Goethem Heian Japan   Centers and Peripheries  Mikael Adolphson Edward Kamens and Stacie Matsumoto eds.  Nachrichten der Gesellschaft f r Natur  und V lkerkunde Ostasiens  NOAG  77  181 182 252 4 2007.09. ",Japan
" 3. ",Japan
" Ellen Van Goethem Capital and Countryside in Japan 300 1180  Japanese Historians Interpreted in English  Joan R. Piggott ed.  The Journal of Asian Studies 68  3 988 90 2009.07. ",Japan
" Ellen Van Goethem Heian Jing   Monument or Shinto Shrine  Journal of Religion in Japan 10.1163 22118349 00701005 7 1 1 26 2018.11 The founding of Heian Jing  in 1895 is usually explained in very simple terms  it was established to commemorate the 1100th anniversary of the move to the Heian capital and was therefore dedicated to the city s founder Kanmu Tenn . A closer look at the shrine s founding story however reveals a much more complex account that illustrates the fits and starts of State Shint  in the third decade of the Meiji period. By disentangling the standard narrative of Heian Jing  s founding this article touches not only on doctrinal issues such as the deification of past emperors but also on material aspects such as early attempts at reconstructing long lost structures and the Meiji government s creation of a set of plans that regulated the appearance of newly erected shrines. Doing so will help explain how the design of this major imperial shrine could deviate so significantly from the stipulated template and be so replete with Chinese influences at a time when the relationship between the two countries was one of outright hostility.. ",Japan
" 2. ",Japan
" Ellen Van Goethem Of Trees and Beasts  Site Selection in Premodern East Asia Journal of Asian Humanities at Kyushu University  JAH Q  1 1 7 2016.03 This paper focuses on a site selection practice called shijin s        correspondence to the four deities   in Japanese sources. The practice is a subcategory within site divination  Ch. fengshui Jp. f sui   the latter encompasses practices and beliefs connected to determining ideal sites to construct graves found cities build houses etc. Among the Chinese Korean and Japanese sources that describe this specific divinatory practice of correspondence to the four deities  several texts provide a practical and in most cases fairly easily realizable albeit not always sound solution to remedy any shortcomings in the surrounding topography. According to these sources lack of auspiciousness due to missing landscape features could be corrected by planting specific species of trees. In a number of cases the sources even go so far as to specify the actual number of trees to be planted.. ",Japan
" 3. ",Japan
" Ellen E. M. A. Van Goethem Feng Shui Symbolism in Japan  The Four Divine Beasts   Asien  und Afrikastudien der Humboldt Universit t zu Berlin 2013.11 This paper presents a discussion of the appearance and context of feng shui symbolism in Japan. Attention is focused on the four divine beasts and their associated symbolism from their initial appearance on the Japanese archipelago until the ninth century and from the mid nineteenth century until the present day in an attempt to show how this symbolism became fully assimilated to the point that it appeared in  early  modern times in contexts no longer consciously associated with original  foreign practices or was fully absorbed into contexts that are deemed quintessentially Japanese. By doing so I would like to argue that the four directional animals preserved their role of multivalent signs  susceptible to many applications interpretations meanings and values. As symbols visual depictions of underlying concepts the four divine beasts adapted to  or better still were appropriated by  changing circumstances and ideologies to appear in new and entirely different contexts.. ",Japan
" 4. ",Japan
" Ellen Van Goethem The Four Divine Beasts    Asuka Through European Eyes                 25 32 2012.11                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    . ",Japan
" 5. ",Japan
" Ellen Van Goethem The Four Directional Animals in East Asia  A Comparative Analysis Asien  und Afrika Studien der Humboldt Universitat zu Berlin 38 201 216 2011.11 In this paper  I present some tentative conclusions about the comparative research I have been conducting into the way s  in which the four creatures that each guard one of the  cardinal  directions are represented in the physical landscape within the practice s  of geophysical divination. In China in Korea as well as in Japan these four directional beasts are identified as the Black Turtle Snake      of the back north  the Vermilion Bird      of the front south the Azure Dragon      of the left east and the White Tiger      of the right west. However the earliest texts on divination remain vague about the specific landscape features corresponding to each of the four mythical animals. In later times at least two co existing traditions seem to have developed within the practice of site divination in East Asia. Following one tradition emphasis lay on the presence of natural features with all four animals represented in the landscape as mountains. Another tradition however required the presence of a different natural or man made landscape feature for each of the four beasts. This paper focuses on the latter tradition in Japanese referred to as shijin s          correspondence to the four deities  . Through an investigation of written sources this paper will trace the origin and evolution of the observances of shijin s   as well as provide a basic analysis of the different textual traditions. Furthermore this paper will challenge the commonly held view that the practice of shijin s   was a divination process used to determine the location of capital cities.. ",Japan
" 6. ",Japan
" Ellen Van Goethem Pleasing the Four Gods  Shijin s          Site Selection and Site Adaptation Cultural Crossroads Proceedings of the 26th International SAHANZ Conference CD rom 2009.07. ",Japan
" 7. ",Japan
" Ellen Van Goethem Shijin s   and the Site Selection Process of Chinese style Capitals in Japan Conference proceedings CD of the 4th International Conference on Scientific Feng Shui   Built Environment 2009 Sustainability and Operability CD rom 2009.02. ",Japan
" 8. ",Japan
" Ellen Van Goethem The Status of Descendants of the Baekje Kingdom during Emperor Kanmu s Reign Korea Journal 47 2 136 159 2007.07. ",Japan
" 9. ",Japan
" Ellen Van Goethem Influence of Chinese Philosophical Thought on the Construction of Nagaokaky  Japan s Forgotten Capital International Conference on East Asian Architectural Culture Kyoto 2006   Reassessing East Asia in the Light of Urban and Architectural History II 435 444 2006.12. ",Japan
" 10. ",Japan
" Ellen Van Goethem Tracing Feng Shui in Ancient Japanese Capital Cities   Case study  Nagaokaky  Proceedings of the 2nd International Conference on Scientific Feng Shui and Built Environment 2006.10. ",Japan
" 11. ",Japan
" Ellen Van Goethem The Construction of the Nagaoka Palace and Capital   Mokkan    as a Historical Source Nachrichten der Gesellschaft f r Natur  und V lkerkunde Ostasiens  NOAG  76 179 180 143 74 2006.09. ",Japan
" Ellen Van Goethem Reconstructing a Palace and Building a Shrine  Heian Jingu as a Marker of National and Regional Identity International Symposium Emperor and Shrine  Commemoration Ideology and Identity 2019.10. ",Japan
" 2. ",Japan
" Ellen Van Goethem Commemoration and Deification  The Creation of Heian Jing  UCSB East Asia Center 2019.02 The founding of Heian Jing  in 1895 is usually explained in very simple terms  it was established to commemorate the 1100th anniversary of the move to the Heian capital and was therefore dedicated to the city s founder Kanmu Tenn   r.781 806 . Nevertheless a closer look at this founding story reveals a much more complex narrative that touches not only on material aspects such as the government s creation of a blueprint for new shrines but also on doctrinal issues such as the unprecedented deification of past emperors. Moreover it helps explain how a major imperial shrine  kanpei taisha  in the emerging Japanese nation state could be so replete with Chinese symbolism and why in later years at least one of its designers expressed great disappointment at the end result.. ",Japan
" 3. ",Japan
" Ellen Van Goethem Monument Shrine Power Spot  Heian Jing  s Multi Layered Signification Columbia University Donald Keene Center of Japanese Culture 2018.11 In 1895 Heian Jing  was festively inaugurated as a testimony to Kyoto s bygone days as the nation s capital. A close look at its founding story reveals a complex narrative that touches not only on doctrinal issues but also on material aspects. Moreover it helps explain how a major imperial shrine  kanpei taisha  in the emerging Japanese nation state could be so replete with Chinese symbolism and why in later years at least one of its designers expressed great disappointment at the end result. Finally it appears that today exactly those China derived elements play a crucial role in Heian jing  s popularity.. ",Japan
" Ellen Van Goethem Heian Jing   A Traditional Shrine in a Foreign Guise 15th European Association for Japanese Studies  EAJS  International Conference 2017.08 The founding of Heian jing  in 1895 is usually explained in very simple terms  it was established to commemorate the 1100th anniversary of the move to the Heian capital and was therefore dedicated to the city s founder Emperor Kanmu  r.781 806 . A closer look at the shrine s founding story reveals a much more complex narrative that illustrates the fits and starts of State Shinto in the first decades of the Meiji period.As such this paper touches not only on doctrinal issues such as the deification of past emperors but also on material aspects such as the Meiji government s creation of a blueprint for newly erected shrines. Moreover tracing Heian jing  s founding story might help explain how a major imperial shrine  kanpei taisha  can be so replete with Chinese symbolism and why in later years at least one of its designers expressed great disappointment at the end result.The paper will conclude by arguing that exactly these China derived elements and their related beliefs and practices currently form the core of Heian jing  s self portrayal and play a crucial role in its continued popularity.. ",Japan
" 6. ",Japan
" Ellen Van Goethem Guardians of Kyoto  Shinto Shrines as Manifestations of the Directional Deities Association for Asian Studies 2017.03 This paper traces the history of five Kyoto shrines to explain how and why they came to be identified with the directional deities. Emphasis is placed on Heian Jingu the youngest yet most important shrine in the configuration. Constructed in the late nineteenth century to commemorate the 1100th anniversary of Kyoto s founding the shrine itself is replete with references to the four guardian deities of the cardinal directions and therefore also provides an interesting case study of the establishment of a shrine of national importance in the climate of shinbutsu bunri and the process in which the entire shrine set up from the actual buildings and decorations to the rituals and the shrine priests was created.. ",Japan
" 7. ",Japan
" VAN GOETHEM ELLEN From Scale Model to Shrine  The Creation of Heian Jing  Invited lecture at the Asian Languages   Cultures Department Department UCLA 2017.03 The founding of Heian jing  in 1895 is usually explained in very simple terms  it was established to commemorate the 1100th anniversary of the move to the Heian capital and was therefore dedicated to the city s founder Kanmu Tenn   r.781 806 . A closer look at the shrine s founding story reveals a much more complex narrative that involves not only doctrinal issues such as the deification of past emperors but also material aspects such as the Meiji government s creation of a blueprint for newly erected shrines. Moreover it explains why a major imperial shrine  kanpei taisha  can be so replete with Chinese symbolism.. ",Japan
" 8. ",Japan
" VAN GOETHEM ELLEN Animated City  Life Force Guardians and Contemporary Architecture in Kyoto Invisible Empire  Spirits and Animism in Contemporary Japan 2017.02 In this presentation I explore the conviction that Kyoto is a city animated by a number of invisible agencies and how this notion has influenced the city s contemporary architecture. Inspired by the belief that the city was designed and built according to the core principles of site divination  popularly known as fengshui or f sui  it is generally assumed that Kyoto is vitalized by the invisible flow of qi and protected by the guardians of the four directions. Starting in the 1990s when a fengshui boom gripped Japan a number of architectural projects in Kyoto were conceived with explicit reference to fengshui either because of the architect s personal beliefs a particular client s request or to convince the general public of the project s suitability to the city.. ",Japan
" 9. ",Japan
" Ellen E. M. A. Van Goethem Heian Jingu  Civic Shrine Exhibition Pavilion Imperial Shrine  Workshop  The Creation of a National Culture in Japan s Modern Period  Architecture Art and Place 2016.12 The founding of Heian jing  in 1895 is usually explained in very simple terms  it was established to commemorate the 1100th anniversary of the move to the Heian capital and was therefore dedicated to the city s founder Kanmu Tenn   r.781 806 . A closer look at the shrine s founding story reveals a much more complex narrative that might help explain how a major imperial shrine  kanpeitaisha  can be so replete with Chinese symbolism and why in later years one of its designers expressed great disappointment at the end result.. ",Japan
" 10. ",Japan
" Ellen E. M. A. Van Goethem Buildings on the Move  Temple Construction and Capital Relocation in Ancient Japan MOVING OBJECTS  AUTHORSHIP OWNERSHIP AND EXPERIENCE IN BUDDHIST MATERIAL CULTURE 2016.04  URL  This paper examines the interrelationships between temple construction and the establishment of Japan s Chinese style capitals between the 7th and 9th centuries.. ",Japan
" 11. ",Japan
" Ellen E. M. A. Van Goethem Of Trees and Beasts  Site Selection in Premodern East Asia The Third Conference of East Asian Environmental History  EAEH  2015.10  URL  Since ancient times people in the Chinese cultural sphere have been looking for ideal sites to construct graves found cities build houses etc. These practices are generally grouped under the broad label of telluric divination or geomancy  Chn.    fengshui . This paper focuses on a subcategory within telluric divination  it concentrates on a practice that received its own label shijin s        or correspondence to the four deities  in Japan but is in no way unique to the country. In China Korea and Japan a number of written sources dating from the 8th through 19th centuries describe the ideal siting conditions of private residences. What these sources have in common is that a residence needs to be surrounded by specific landscape features either natural or manmade  a river an irrigated plain a road and a hill  each corresponding to one of the four directional deities  the Azure Dragon the Vermilion Bird the White Tiger and the Black Turtle Snake . Inhabitants of a site that corresponds to these topographical requirements are promised good health and a long life a successful career and numerous descendants. Interestingly several of the written sources describing these ideal siting conditions also provide a practical and in most cases realizable solution to remedy any shortcomings in the surrounding topography in the form of substituting missing landscape features with specific  numbers of  trees. This paper will thus compare and contrast a number of these sources to address the underlying philosophy of substituting landscape features for trees as well as issues of knowledge transfer.. ",Japan
" 12. ",Japan
" Ellen E. M. A. Van Goethem Foreign Beliefs in  Native  Settings  Fengshui Elements in Shinto Shrines ICAS  International Convention of Asia Scholars  2015.07 The earliest evidence of the presence of fengshui related practices on the Japanese archipelago dates back to nearly two millennia ago. At that time there was no unified systematized or institutionalized indigenous religion. The loose set of native rituals and practices performed at the time is classified by scholars as kami worship and over the centuries that followed it was receptive of a wide variety of rites symbolism and beliefs belonging to imported religious traditions including Buddhism Confucianism and Christianity. This process of absorption did not come to a halt when kami related worship was systematized into what we now call Shinto. Close inspection of Shinto prayers and rites conducted at shrines reveals the pervasive influence of imported elements in this so called native religion. To illustrate this point this paper focuses on the famous Daizaifu Tenmangu shrine in Kyushu. Dedicated to Sugawara no Michizane  845 903  who was deified after his death and is still worshipped as a paragon of refinement and scholarship the shrine draws thousands of visitors and has been designated an Important Cultural Property. The shrine is thus portrayed as a symbol of Japan eseness  and its native religion. Scratching the surface however it quickly becomes clear that the core of the shrine s most important ritual the rice planting festival and the norito  ritual prayers  recited at the Dazaifu Tenmangu shrine are replete with fengshui related references.. ",Japan
" 13. ",Japan
" Ellen E. M. A. Van Goethem Fengshui Protection  The Four Mythical Beasts and Shinto Shrines                             2015.06 This paper presents a discussion of the appearance and context of fengshui related symbolism in Japan. Attention will be focused on the four directional deities      and their associated symbolism from their initial appearance on the Japanese archipelago until the present day in an attempt to show how this symbolism became fully assimilated to the point that it appeared in  early  modern times in contexts no longer consciously associated with their original  practices or was fully absorbed into contexts that are deemed quintessentially Japanese. To illustrate this point this paper will present a case study of six well known Shinto shrines Dazaifu Tenmang  in Dazaifu and Heian Jing  Kamigamo jinja Matsuo taisha Yasaka jinja and J nang  in Kyoto. By doing so this paper will argue that the four directional animals preserved their ancient Chinese role of multivalent signs  susceptible to many applications interpretations meanings and values. As symbols i.e. visual depictions of underlying concepts the four divine beasts adapted to  or better still were appropriated by  changing circumstances and new ideas to appear in new and entirely different contexts.. ",Japan
" 14. ",Japan
" Ellen E. M. A. Van Goethem Written Used Discarded and Unintentionally Preserved  Writings on Wood in Ancient Japan Hamburg University Centre for the Study of Manuscript Cultures 2013.11 This paper provides an overview of the discovery typology and practical use of kodai mokkan inscribed wooden tablets that were produced in large numbers between the seventh and tenth centuries in Japan. While a small number of these mokkan had been carefully preserved for centuries in imperial repositories the vast majority of the tablets was not discovered until recent decades. Excavations of sites mostly related to local or central government facilities elite residences and temples have yielded hundreds of thousands of inscribed tablets or shavings  kezurikuzu . As a result our understanding of various aspects of government economy and society in ancient Japan has changed and we have been allowed glimpses of the practical execution of government regulations and of daily life. Mokkan have also contributed to a better understanding of archaeological remains as they occasionally allow for precise dating and identification.. ",Japan
" 15. ",Japan
" Ellen E. M. A. Van Goethem Adopting and adapting the paradigm  Gridiron cities in Japan International Institute for Asian Studies 2013.11  URL  Using the example of capital cities this paper will address the issue of cultural borrowing and the subsequent modification of imported ideas in ancient Japan. It is common knowledge that during the early centuries CE the ruling elites of the Japanese archipelago were heavily dependent on Chinese archetypes and prototypes for the formation of the early state. Unquestionably one of the most visually striking and impressive examples of this process of cultural borrowing was the establishment of large semi permanent urban centers. Laid out on a gridiron pattern with a clearly delineated space reserved for the ruler s residential quarters as well as for the apparatus of government itself also mostly newly introduced these cities symbolized the power of the ruler and the political social and cultural center of the recently emerged state. In order to explain how the Chinese archetype was adopted and adapted this paper will briefly trace the evolution of gridiron cities. Then it will address the process of selecting a suitable site for the establishment of these cities. This process is commonly addressed only briefly by referring to lofty ideals and or to esoteric practices but has received little scholarly attention so far.. ",Japan
" 16. ",Japan
" Ellen E. M. A. Van Goethem Heianky   Guardian Deities and Geomantic Theories  2013.09 This paper discusses the various geomantic theories that circulate to explain why the site of Heian was chosen by Kanmu tenno for the construction of the new capital. It challenges the commonly accepted notion that shijin soo as described in Sakuteiki  in the east the direction of the Azure Dragon there should be flowing water  in the west the direction of the White Tiger there should be a broad road  in the south the direction of the Vermilion Bird there should be a pond  and in the north the direction of the Black Turtle Snake there should be a mountain  was decisive in this matter.. ",Japan
" 17. ",Japan
" Comparative Research on the Four Divine Beasts in East Asia  Capitals Residences and Trees. ",Japan
" 18. ",Japan
" The Four Divine Beasts  Asuka as Seen Through European Eyes. ",Japan
" 19. ",Japan
" In this presentation a number of inscribed wooden tablets  mokkan     are presented to illustrate how their discovery has deepened our understanding of specific aspects of the Nagaokakyo era. Prior to the discovery of these wooden tablets only a limited number of written sources contemporaneous to the Nagaoka capital s existence were available to scholars. In the four decades since the discovery of the first inscribed wooden tablet in the remains of the former capital this vast body of written evidence has also proved to be a valuable addition to the archaeological record of the Nagaoka capital.. ",Japan
" Center for International Japanese Studies Hosei University ",Japan
" Educational ",Japan
" Educational Activities ",Japan
" In the School of Letters I teach courses related to premodern Japanese history and history of ideas as well as courses on East West interaction. In the International Master s Program  IMAP  and Doctorate  IDOC  in Japanese Humanities I teach graduate seminars that offer an in depth examination of specific aspects of Japanese history. Other courses aim to familiarize the students with source materials available for the study of ancient Japan including documents inscriptions architecture landscapes pottery and other archaeological finds. While the main focus in these courses is on developments within what is now Japan I occasionally touch on relevant developments in China or on the Korean peninsula. I co teach a week long fieldwork course during which the students visit major historical and archaeological sites and a yearlong course of one day excursions to cultural historical and archaeological sites in the Kyushu area. Finally during the Research Readings and Methods courses and the Master s Thesis Guidance sessions I introduce students to advanced research methodologies additional source materials and help them to develop their scholarly writing and presentation skills. ",Japan
" 2019.02 Participation in Japanese Religions Pedagogy seminar  offered expertise on preceramic through Nara era Japan  course instructor  Fabio Rambelli  other participants  Ori Porath Emm Simpson Peter Romaskiewicz Diamante Waters Kaitlyn Ugoretz and Daigengna Duoer . ",Japan
" 2016.01 Guest lecture in EACS4A  East Asian Traditions  Pre Modern at the University of California Santa Barbara  Course instructors  Fabio Rambelli and Xiaorong Li undergraduate enrolment 244 students . ",Japan
" Social ",Japan
" Professional and Outreach Activities ",Japan
" Member of the Board of Directors Arts Flanders Japan. ",Japan
" Unauthorized reprint of the contents of this database is prohibited. ",Japan
" The 4th day   Scotland is very large. Before travelling when I was considering which parts of Scotland I should visit apart form Edinburgh the pictures I saw of Glencoe in a guidebook charmed me the most. They were photographs of moors. I could imagine the feeling of clear and cool air when I saw the pictures. Therefore I thought that Glencoe was the No.1 place to visit   and in reality when I visited Scotland Glencoe was very special. ",Japan
" Stirling Castle left  the view from Stirling Castle middle   Linlithgow Palace near Edinburgh right  ",Japan
"   Stirling Castle is a huge castle. We hadn t planned to visit it but we had time so we dropped in. ",Japan
"    ",Japan
"   Our travel was during Obon which is an extremely busy time so we couldn t book the return part of our ticket   finally we got it just 1 week before the departure. We thought that it was impossible to find a B B in Edinburgh because it was during the Edinburgh Festival and decided to stay in Linlithgow near Edinburgh. However when we arrived there in the evening we found out that our decision was wrong.   We couln t find a B B easily. The B B which we finally found after asking some people was a small place so it was already full. Luckily the proprietor of the B B was so kind that they gave us some advice. Did you come here by car  Therefore you can get to Bo ness in 30 minutes. I think there are more B B in Bo ness. If you go immediately you ll be there before the tourist information center closes.   Fortunately on the way to Bo ness we found a B B in Linlithgow. We asked if a room was available and luckily the answer was yes   We had to share a bath and a toilet. However we couldn t ask for too much. It cost around   14 per person. It was the cheapest place we stayed at. ",Japan
" The 5th day   Because we couldn t find a B B to stay at easily the day before we decided we should book a place to stay that morning. As we had been advised we drove to Bo ness and went to the tourist information center. However it was too early   the center wasn t open.   My cousin said We passed a hotel on the way here. Why don t we ask if a room is available    Contrary to our expectation they said that there was a twin room available and it would cost us only   25  Of course we took it. The building of the hotel was like a motel and modern. The room had a well equipped bathroom. I had thought that I wanted to stay at B Bs when I traveled the countryside in England and Scotland however I liked the hotel. It was very cosy.   I realized that I like well equipped modern accomodation. ",Japan
" In the morning I found some hares on the field behind Linlithgow Palace left 1    a view from Edinburgh Castle left 2    the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh middle right 12  ",Japan
"   The weather had been fine although we had had a few sun showers. However it rained for half a day when we visited Edinburgh Castle. They say that when Queen Mary gave birth to James the first in Edinburgh Castle she already hated her husband   also James didn t like the castle so much. Therefore my impressions of Edinburgh Castle was also gloomy. Moreover because of the rain it became increasingly depressing    In the afternoon after the rain stopped we visited the Palace of Holyroodhouse. It is a palace which Queen Elizabeth  Uoften visits. I really enjoyed seeing the inside of the palace and the grounds. One reason was probably because I hadn t expected to visit the palace. In fact Holyroodhouse is my No.1 recommended place to visit in Edinburgh. ",Japan
" The 6th day   The 6th day was the last day which we were in Scotland. We stayed at Bo ness the night before so we walked and saw the town of Bo ness a little before we went to Edinburth. It looked like a small and calm town but we found the smoking chimneys of factories far away. ",Japan
" VERDICT  ",Japan
" 24th   Ocean Women s Tankini Top HELLOLEON Black White Grommet Curtains 72 Inch Lenght and you re just not sure about the chances of staying dry. It does the job petty well but it would be nice to see a couple more features to justify the high price. ",Japan
" ZZYWJS scarf Winter Scarf Brand Women Scarves Designer Knit Warm Shawls And Wraps Plaid Big Square Blanket Lady  140 grams on the road.cc balance of truth   and packs down to a size that means you won t have an uncomfortable bulge pressing into your back when it isn t required. The fabric reminds me of that you get on the outside of a tent that is to say very little stretch to it but quite tough and waterproof. ",Japan
" Liberitae Women s Comfortable High Heel Boot with Zip Closure in Serraje Camel Colour.Rieker Women s V5582 Closed Toe Sandals my jersey underneath remained more than acceptably dry. ",Japan
" Disney Boys Mickey Mouse Cotton Baseball Cap Hat Age 4 7 Blue a stop at the side of the road was required. The zip is a bit small to locate on the move and there is also a piece of fabric sitting behind the zipper that stops water ingress that can quite easily catch on the zipper teeth.SHOEDEZIGNS Shoe Dezigns Declyn 01 Womens Patent 2 Color Lace Combat BootsMILLY Women s Metallic Rib Flare Sleeve Sweater Pullover. ",Japan
" Hell Bunny Irvine Pinafore Dress Women Medium Length red and in high winds it certainly won t help much but I found that in slight breezes it actually performed surprisingly well. ",Japan
" The other big factor with a garment such as this is always breathability. It Bekina Wellington Leisure Boots for Mens and Women t breathe well.ZTT Men Sport Clockluminous Waterproof Quartz Watch Multifunction Chronograph Wrist Watch s fabric choice to be ok  Clarks Women s Lafley Jess Wedge Sandal ve used though. ",Japan
" For those who are keen on visibilitySiyu Easy to clean Wall Lamps And Lanterns Modern 6W AC 110 240V Led Lamp Home Decoration Lighting Indoor Decor Light for Bar KTV Living room bar club hallway corridor as well as above your backside and high vis yellow is also a colour option.Easy to clean Wall Lamps And Lanterns Butterfly Shape Creative Led Lamp Color Square Rectangle Contracted Night Light AC 110 240V 6Watts Majestic Women s French Terry L S Boatneck T Shirt large enough for a phone or some flapjack. I didn QiHaoHeji Jewelry Cabinet Card Vanity Mirror Locker Accessories Wall Mount Full Body Cloakroom Jewellery  but if I were not running mudguards I d be wary of using it as that location is wheel spray central. ",Japan
" Magic of Venezia Venetian Full Face Mask Volto Luna Mac For Men and Women  Camper Men s Pelotas XL Lace Up Flats as it will damage the waterproof properties of the fabric. That s a bit annoying if you end up riding in really mucky conditions. ",Japan
" The fit of the large size provided for this test was not too bad   in all honesty I could have probably got away with the medium   but there was quite a bit of flapping around in high winds on fast descents.FMOGE Printed Bikini Swimwear and there is an elasticated waist to aid in keeping the wind out.JEWEL BEADS Beads Gemstone 1 Strand Natural Green Amethyst Faceted Tyre Wheel Shape 7x5.mm Approx 19 inch Code HIGH 20085Gabor Women s Dawn Ankle Boots. ",Japan
" At 70 quid 651.55 651.55 Promotion Available Source Gobi Men black inca   Black Inca Nautica Men s Work Boot.Earth Origins Delos Delilah Women s ve used I m not sure this justifies the  70 price tag. ",Japan
" Empreinte Cassiopee Spacer Underwired Bra and when I have had to call upon it it has stood up to the rain and wind well.Thumby Stud Earrings Dangler Eardrop Jade S925 Sterling Silver Inlay and Hetian Leaf Lady Jewelry Length 5.4Cm for Parties d be happy to wear for periods longer than just a quick shower. ",Japan
" Verdict ",Japan
" INVICTA S.P.A. BACKPACK OLLIE PACK but perhaps missing a few features ",Japan
" If you re thinking of buying this product using a cashback deal why not use the road.ccReebok Sofia Freestyle Classic Shoe and get some top cashback while helping to support your favourite independent cycling website ",Japan
" road.cc test report ",Japan
" Make and model boodun MTB Cycling Shoes ",Japan
" Size tested Large Blue ",Japan
" Tell us what the product is for and who it s aimed at. What do the manufacturers say about it  How does that compare to your own feelings about it  ",Japan
" HOBO INTERNATIONAL Hayley Leather Clutch  ",Japan
" TYKCRt Cartoon Bouquet Stitch Doll Flower Graduation Dr. Plush Birthday Gift 60X20 cm E. ",Japan
" Tell us some more about the technical aspects of the product  ",Japan
" AgainIce and fire salt lamp  ",Japan
" KEY FEATURES ",Japan
" Ashwood Briefcase Cross Body Messenger Bag   Laptop Bag Business Office Work Genuine Leather Jasper Chestnut waterproof and breathable 2.5 layer fabric ",Japan
" Not bad overall but I would have liked an drawstring waist and a zipper that was not quite so easy to catch on the inner material. ",Japan
" Rate the product for performance  ",Japan
" 8 10 ",Japan
" Kept me dry in downpours without turning me into Uncle Ben s boil in the bag rice. ",Japan
" Rate the product for durability  ",Japan
" 8 10 ",Japan
" No durability issues. ",Japan
" CSXM Sweatshirt Hoodie Men S Long Sleeve Hooded Jacket Cardigan if applicable  ",Japan
" 8 10 ",Japan
" BILLABONG Men s Classic Cargo Short albeit probably with less capability. However I don Lind88 Mens Full Zip Winter Fleeced Hoody Double Layer Boys Girls Light blue mandela Printed Fashion   Mandela Art with Pockets Soft Sports Blouse for Festival Present. ",Japan
" Tell us how the product performed overall when used for its designed purpose ",Japan
" Well. ",Japan
" Tell us what you particularly liked about the product ",Japan
" The lightness and the waterproofing. ",Japan
" Tell us what you particularly disliked about the product ",Japan
" Price was a bit high and I would hope for a drawstring waist. ",Japan
" Would you recommend the product to a friend Probably not. ",Japan
" Overall rating 7 10 ",Japan
" About the tester ",Japan
" Age 21Height  182cmEurolite FUTURELIGHT Set 4x PLB 280 Case 73kg ",Japan
" I usually ride On One Carbon Whippet Single Speed MTB Kinesis Pro6My best bike is Scott CR1 Pro ",Japan
" I ve been riding for 10 20 yearsI ride Every dayI would class myself as Experienced ",Japan
" I regularly do the following types of riding cyclo cross commuting club rides sportives general fitness riding fixed singlespeed mtb ",Japan
" Help us to fund our site ",Japan
" We ve noticed you re using an ad blocker. If you like road.cc but you don t like ads please consider subscribing to the site to support us directly. As a subscriber you can read road.cc ad free from as little as  1.99. ",Japan
" If you don t want to subscribe please turn your ad blocker off. The revenue from adverts helps to fund our site. ",Japan
" Help us to bring you the best cycling content ",Japan
" If you ve enjoyed this article then please consider subscribing to road.cc from as little as  1.99. Our mission is to bring you all the news that s relevant to you as a cyclist independent reviews impartial buying advice and more. Your subscription will help us to do more. ",Japan
" Safe Net Balcony Stair Protection Anti fall Jute Netting Vintage Industrial Style Decoration Safety for Railing Natural Material for Themed Restaurant Cafe Bar Party 12mm 12cm Multi... ",Japan
" and if the UK were still in the EU it would be 3or4 that don t. Leaving the EU is not the reason why we don t have this. It s not an EU law and we... ",Japan
" not many parked cars and two lanes of cars travelling in the same direction as the cyclist between them. ",Japan
" Assuming that other drivers are considerate enough not park in front of lamposts when they don t need to charge their cars.... ",Japan
" Most badass thing I saw was a fella and his partner climbing Ventoux he on a hardtail MTB with their toddler in a pull along  ",Japan
" mylyfu Dress Wedding a Dream Bride Skirt Two Word Significantly Thin Trailing Palace Bridesmaid       XxlQi Di Yuan11 hours 41 min ago ",Japan
" As someone teaching a 7 and 5 year old about door zones buses and taxis at the moment. ",Japan
" You can just connect your power meter to Zwift as the source for power readings then you don t need to rely on ZPower ",Japan
" Komoot certainly does have  issues  most notably that it charges   twice over   for the use of free OSM data. All the more galling given the... ",Japan
" FUNDAMENTALISM OF JAPAN ",Japan
"  KYUSHU DYNASTY PRECEDING KINK EMPEROR  ",Japan
" FURUTA Takehiko ",Japan
" An outline for presentation at the Foreign Correspondents Club of Japan on October 5 2001 ",Japan
" Translated by FUJISAWA Toru ",Japan
" 1.  nbsp nbsp nbspThe recent controversy in connection with the adoption of history textbooks at the middle school is nothing but a storm in a teacup.  nbsp Because all the textbooks including the so called new history textbook and the conventional history textbooks are sharing the same stand of the government view history compiled after the Meiji Restoration.  nbsp nbsp nbspIt is the stand of the ultra nationalism which explains the history of Japan solely from the viewpoint of the unitarian Emperor worship and excludes all the historical facts which do not get along with such viewpoint.  nbsp nbsp nbspIt has indeed continued to prevail for these 130 years ever since the Meiji Restoration. As a result the Japanese people were continuously brain washed by the dishonest history textbooks and getting reproduced in a great large number over the four eras of Meiji Taisho Showa and Heisei. The Japanese people were deeply addicted to such viewpoint that they are not even aware of the fact they have been poisoned. How dangerous it is  ",Japan
" 2  nbsp nbsp nbsp On the other hand the Chinese history books frankly told the truth of the Japanese history as a neighbor.  nbsp nbsp nbsp In China the authentic chronicles of its dynasties have been written continuously since the 2nd century B. C.  Shiji . As soon as one dynasty ceased to exist Chinese described the history of their previous dynasty. They are indeed a rare great recorder in the world.  nbsp nbsp nbsp Since the 1st century A.D.  Hanshu  those authentic history books continued to write about the neighboring country the state of Wa  i. e. the western part of the Japan archipelago.  nbsp nbsp nbspThe first example is the golden seal. It was written in a book that China s latter Han dynasty bestowed it on Wa in 57 A.D.. Actually the golden seal was unearthed in the Shika island at the Hakata bay on a northern coast in Kyushu. The second example is the report the Sui s mission. On the basis of the mission s report the Sui history book wrote about famous mountains in Kyushu. Special to note is a report saying there was Mt. Aso with its erupting fire rising up to the sky. Mt. Aso is a living volcano in Kumamoto Prefecture in Kyushu. The Sui history book of the 7th century also wrote about emperors of the rising sun. Therefore it seems clear that the capital of the Wa state was at Dazaifu of Fukuoka Prefecture in Kyushu.  nbsp nbsp nbsp By the way at Dazaifu there still exist such village section names as Shishinden  the Hall for state Ceremonies Dairi  the Imperial Palace   and Suzakumon  the Southern Gate to the Capital . These are the proofs that there were once places concerning emperors.  nbsp nbsp nbsp Furthermore the China s Tang dynasty had had close relations with Japan. It had two old and new history books. About Japan both of them wrote about Japan as Wa state centering in Fukuoka Prefecture in Kyushu before the end of the 7th century and as Nihon or Nippon state in Nara or Kyoto Prefecture in Kinki after the 8th century. The Tang dynasty having relations with Japan may never make any mistakes about the fundamental international facts. ",Japan
" 3  nbsp nbsp nbsp The truth may remain undistorted and talk itself eloquently however harsh a onetime regime brainwash its nation with a dishonest history.  nbsp nbsp nbspThe following map will testify the truth  ",Japan
"  nbsp nbsp nbspThese are the sites of ancient fortress ruins called Kogoishi.  nbsp nbsp nbspAround the midslope of the mountains at the height between several hundreds and a thousand meters brick shaped stones cut from big stones were laid to build the bases of doubly made outer walls of mountain fortresses.  nbsp nbsp Without an exception a water gate was attached to them. It was a water supply facility for soldiers and people who stay in the mountain castle in case of enemy invasions.  nbsp nbsp nbspI believe that they are the ruins of military fortress made in preparation for the possible invasion of foreign enemies such as Kokuryo Shilla and Tanng s China.  nbsp nbsp nbspMeanwhile Japanese academics had thought that they were made in the period between the 6th and 7th centuries.  nbsp nbsp nbspHowever recent dendrochronology has revealed that in 70 to 80  cases the results of the conventional archeological chronology by pottery should go back for about 100 years.  nbsp nbsp nbsp Accordingly those Kogoishi ancient fortress ruins should go back to the 5th and 6th centuries.  nbsp nbsp nbspThen the question arises about who made those military fortresses. I think that the political power situated in the center of the surrounding fortresses did. This area is composed of Chikushi  Fukuoka Prefecture  and Hizen  Saga Prefecture . It is clear that the Emperor in Kinki  Nara and Kyoto  had nothing to do with them.  nbsp nbsp nbspThis fact is very obvious. But the government compiled history after Meiji closed its eyes and cut of the map from the textbooks.  nbsp nbsp nbspAs a matter of fact these military fortresses had been constructed before the big war. You may remember that the allied forces of Tang s China and Shilla won the sea battle of Hakusukinoe off Paekche in 662 or 663 A. D. against the allied forces of Wa and Paekche.  nbsp nbsp nbsp Nevertheless today s Japanese academics and all textbooks have propagandized since Meiji that Queen Suiko and Prince Shotoku of Kink in the first half of the 7th century were the central power of the Japan archipelago.  nbsp nbsp nbsp Therefore I dare say that they are completely dishonest. ",Japan
" 4 nbsp nbsp nbsp During the Edo isolation period fanatic ultra nationalism was developed. It influenced the Mito school of Confucianism on one hand and the Kokugaku school of the Study of Japanese Classical Literature on the other hand. Both of them had a great influence over the development of the spirit of the Meiji Restoration in 1868. After the Meiji Restoration the two schools cooperated to build a nationalistic ideology called Shinto fundamentalism. Their image history has built up the basis of Japanese thoughts for 130 years since then.  nbsp nbsp nbspAlthough freedom of study and thought was superficially permitted and different opinions were also permitted to express after the defeat of the war in 1945 Japanese scholars living on history as their profession made it their secret art of living by not touching the Kyushu dynasty for discussion. In these suffocated circumstances creativity of human being will never be possible.  nbsp nbsp nbspI am very happy to express my thoughts expecting human reason because I believe that foreign correspondents are certainly not contaminated by the brainwashing of the history image of Japanese ultra nationalism. ",Japan
" We want several opinions about the Recognition of Human Beings please send E mail to Yukio Yokota. sinkodai furutasigaku.jp ",Japan
" Last up date 1999 02 01 Kite. A brief history Kite. A brief history was copied from Kite. A brief history issued by Australian Kite Association. ",Japan
" Kites have been objects of interest and fascination to people throughout the world for at least 2000 years. Some people think that kites may have been invented even earlier suggesting that kites were being flown in China as long ago as 1000 BC. Unless new information comes to light we have no real way of determining when they were invented who invented them or even which country they were first used in. Kites are normally made from light and quite fragile materials and we have very few actual examples of kites that are more than two hundred years old. Unlike other artifacts such as pots and stone or metal tools almost everything used to make a kite could rot or be burnt. Archeologists find out much of what they know about a culture from sources such as rubbish tips. Kites would not last long in this sort of environment. As we don t have the actual kites we have to rely on traditions legends illustrations and documents to chart the historical development of kites. ",Japan
" It is currently thought that kites may have been independently invented in both China and Malaysia and that this new invention then spread through the rest of Asia from these two countries. There certainly is documentary evidence to suggest that kites were being flown in China as long ago as 200 BC. when a general in the Han dynasty is recorded as having used a kite as an instrument of war by using it as a method of determining the correct distance to dig a tunnel to enter a palace and end a siege. Other Chinese legends relate how kites were used to lift fireworks in order to terrify an opposing army and how they were used to lift observers before a battle. Other uses for kites in Asia included a novel way of fishing  also practised in New Zealand  scaring birds from crops as a way of lifting construction materials to the tops of buildings and as a toy. In some Asian countries the kite had considerable religious significance. In Korea newly born children had kites flown and released for them taking away any bad luck they had been born with. Kites were flown by farmers in Thailand at the time of the monsoon to ask the gods to make the monsoon winds blow long enough to prevent all the rain falling on their crops and flooding them. ",Japan
" Japanese legends describe how a thief attempted to steal golden scales from a statue of a dolphin on the roof of Nagoya Castle by using a kite to lift him over the walls and onto the roof without alerting the guards. His scheme failed and he and his family were put to death by being boiled in oil. Japan became an important focal point for kites because of its geographical location. They were brought to Japan from China by Buddhist missionaries in the seventh century. From here kites spread throughout the Pacific region carried by Japanese traders and explorers. ",Japan
" Kites were introduced to Europe by explorers returning from Asia. Marco Polo an Italian explorer who returned from China in 1295 wrote remarkably accurate accounts of the construction of kites as well as how they were flown. The first known reference to kite flying in Europe appears in a manuscript about military technology written in 1405. Another text written in 1430 describes how to make a kite from parchment and explains how to connect the flying line to different points on the kite in order for the kite to fly well in a variety of wind conditions. Two other books written in 1589 and 1634 both recommend using kites to lift fireworks at night. An illustration of the town of Middelburg Holland made in 1618 shows children flying kites of the diamond shape so common today. In Europe unlike Asia kites were regarded simply as harmless toys for children to play with. In the following few centuries that view was to change dramatically. ",Japan
" In eighteenth century Europe the kite showed its usefulness asa scientific instrument. In 1749 a Scottish meteorologist named Alexander Wilson used kites to lift thermometers to a height of 3000 feet to measure temperature variations at altitude. Three years later Benjamin Franklin used a kite to demonstrate that lightning was similar to the static electricity that scientists were experimenting with at the time. By flying a kite in an electrical storm he was able to observe sparks coming from a key he had suspended from the flying line. Until that time there had been no direct evidence that lightning was an electric current travelling from the ground to the storm cloud. Franklin s experiments led to the development of the lightning conductor and placed him so high in the regard of the French people that he was able to travel to France during the American war of independence and obtain financial and military aid for the Americans. ",Japan
" Sir George Cayley experimented with kites between 1799 and 1809 in the quest to develop a heavier than air flying machine capable of carrying a passenger. He was the first person to describe scientifically the problems that would have to be overcome before man would fly in such a machine. ",Japan
" From kites Cayley moved to gliders that incorporated two kite shaped wings. His experiments culminated in 1853 in a full sized glider that supported the weight of one of his servants on a flight that lasted perhaps 40 seconds  after the flight the coachman promptly resigned . Cayley had identified the separate properties of lift thrust and drag and made a number of prophetic suggestions about what he called aerial navigation. ",Japan
" By 1826 George Pocock had patented a four stringed kite used for pulling carriages. The four strings allowed the kite to be controlled so that the carriage it pulled behaved much like a sailboat and could even tack into the wind. The carriage apparently was capable of reaching speeds of 30 km h. ",Japan
" Through the latter half of the nineteenth century a number of people experimented with kites as a lifesaving device. It was anticipated that some of these would be carried on the ship and flown onto the lee shore if the ship was wrecked. Once the kite had been retrieved by people on the shore heavier lines could be drawn out by the kite s flying line until a cable strong enough to carry the weight of an adult could be passed from the ship to the shore and a rescue of the crew and passengers effected by a breeches buoy basically a seat suspended from a pulley that could be pulled along a supporting line. Whilst the idea is good there is no recorded rescue using these methods. ",Japan
" In 1833 a British meteorologist E. D. Archibold started using kites to lift anemometers to measure wind speed at various altitudes. Meteorological observatories around the world used kites to lift instruments thousands of feet into the air. This gave a great deal of information about the atmosphere and vastly improved the weather forecasting of the time. Kites were to continue in this role until the mid 1930s when aircraft and radiosonde balloons finally replaced them. In 1887 Archibold was the first person to take an aerial photograph from a kite an application that is still practised today. Kites have been used as a cheap alternative method of obtaining aerial photographs of archeological sites reefs and the remains of shipwrecks. A photograph taken from even a comparatively short distance above ground level can show details not readily apparent from the ground. ",Japan
" By the late nineteenth century kites were being seen as serious scientific instruments. Kites were seen as a good starting point in the development of powered heavier than air flying machines. Potential aeroplane builders were tackling the problems of powered flight in a more disciplined manner making small steps forward and discovering their new craft as they went along. Rather than trying to create a flying machine in one step the more careful experimenters worked on one problem at a time solving each small part of the puzzle and then and only then bringing all the parts together in an attempt to build a working aircraft. There were still many people who did not believe that it was possible for a heavier than air machine to fly amongst them being Professor Simon Newcomb  a well respected astronomer and in 1903 the only American since Benjamin Franklin to be made an Associate of the Institute of France  and Rear Admiral George Melville chief engineer for the United States Navy. Even after the Wright brothers had flown there were many people saying that powered flight was impossible. In hindsight it seems strange that such a world changing event was virtually ignored until several years after the fact. ",Japan
" Throughout Europe and America experiments were being undertaken to determine the best sort of design for powered aircraft. The Wright brothers were by no means the only people trying to build an aeroplane  they were simply the first to achieve powered and controllable flight. There were still many fanciful designs being touted as the solution to the problem of powered flight  human powered flapping wings built onto a bicycle being but one example  but in the main the advocates of powered flight were making gradual but definite progress towards overcoming the intricacies of lift thrust drag stability and control. Lawrence Hargrave experimented near Sydney in the 1890s with a number of kite designs. He finally settled upon what he called a cellular or box kite. He was looking for a stable lifting surface to which he could add an engine. His experiments led to the development of the cambered aerofoil a feature that generated much more lift than a flat surface. Put simply a curved wing surface causes the air traveling over the upper surface to move faster and travel further than the air passing along the lower surface of the wing. The air passing over the top surface has a slightly reduced pressure. The greater pressure below the wing exerts an upwards force called lift and within certain limits increases with airspeed. ",Japan
" Some of Hargrave s later gliding kites were so efficient that they flew at angles of up to 110 degrees. The kite could well be further into the wind than its tether point which caused a problem if the wind dropped. Hargrave solved this problem by flying this style of kite from a trapeze like structure which prevented the kite from reaching the ground if the wind did ease at all. ",Japan
" Most kites fly at angle of less than 50 degrees above the horizon. Efficient kites normally fly at angles of up to 70 degrees. The reason Hargrave s gliding kites flew so well was due to the shape of the wing he developed. It was shaped very much like the cross section of a modern aeroplane wing with a slight reflex curve at the trailing edge producing enough just enough drag to stop the kite falling forwards into the wind. ",Japan
" The cambered aerofoil is the basis of the shape of all aircraft wings today. In his quest for a light power source he also invented the rotary engine. Unfortunately he was unable to overcome the weight problems that beset so many of the early aviation pioneers and his dream of a full sized powered box kite never came to pass. In the course of his research he presented 23 papers and exhibitions to the Royal Society of New South Wales on aviation related topics. Hargrave was more interested in solving the problem of powered flight than in being the person to do it. He did not patent any of his inventions preferring their benefits to be available to all researchers into the development of the aeroplane. In Australia his achievements are acknowledged by a statue at Stanwell Park New South Wales where he carried out his experiments his likeness and some of his gliders may be seen on one side of our twenty dollar note and the engineering and science library at Monash University is named after him. Ironically the only museum Hargrave was able to pursuade to display his collection of revolutionary kites was in Berlin. His kites which had helped in the development of powered flight were destroyed in the bombing of Germany during the second world war. ",Japan
" The Wright brothers eventually overcame these weight problems and flew an aeroplane of their own design in 1903. This was the climax of several years of experimentation using kites and gliders. The wing warping system they used to control their aeroplane had been developed by flying their smaller versions as kites and twisting the wings with four lines from the ground. Because of their extensive flying of their designs as kites and their use of wind tunnels to test ideas about wings and propellers they were able to collect a great deal of information about the stability of their designs as well as the amount of lift the glider developed for a given wind. This gave them invaluable information about the necessary size and curvature for the wings of their 1903 flyer. ",Japan
" Alexander Graham Bell was also trying to invent the first powered aeroplane. He knew of the work being undertaken by Hargrave and he also experimented with kites to determine the most suitable lifting surface. He finally settled on a cellular kite made of regular tetrahedrons  the shape is best known now as that of the tetra pack that Sunny Boys and similar icy poles come in a pyramid with four triangular sides . ",Japan
" Later he and a number of like minded people set up an association with the express purpose of developing an aeroplane. This association included Tom Selfridge who later became the first person to die in an aeroplane when he and Wilbur Wright crashed whilst conducting trials for the United Stated Army and Glenn Curtis who later became one of the first aircraft manufacturers in America. Curtis later had to defend himself in court against the Wright brothers who claimed an exclusive patent on the aeroplane. ",Japan
" Kites were used as an observation device during both the first and second world wars. They were used as a means of increasing the range of visibility by German submarines during both of these wars. At water level an observer might be able to see 8 kilometers but by using a kite to lift that observer to a height of 400 feet visibility could be increased to 40 kilometers. When keeping a lookout for enemy ships such an increase of range was definitely an advantage. During the second world war kites were supplied as standard equipment in life rafts on British and Australian aircraft. If the raft had to be used the kite could be used to lift the antennae of an emergency radio transmitter. The kite was also used as an airborne sail  although the speed of the raft through the water was quite low it did help to stabilize the boat in rough seas. Kites with two control lines were developed by a U. S. Navy Commander during the second world war as a means of training naval antiaircraft gunners. Paul Garber s kite was highly manoeuvrable and was used in target practice. The kite was said to be quite hard to hit as it moved around the sky at the command of its pilot who was safely on the ground. Paul Garber had seen the Wright brothers demonstrate their aircraft to the US. Army in 1909 and later became the curator of the Smithsonian Institute which holds the largest collection of aviation related artifacts in the world. ",Japan
" Kites again attracted attention in the 1950s and 1960s when Francis Rogallo developed a completely flexible kite with no rigid supporting spars. Instead of spars this kite uses the wind itself to hold it open and maintain its shape. Rogallo was an aeronautical engineer working for NASA. He was searching for a controllable recovery system for spacecraft. This kite was the first to be developed with the assistance of wind tunnel testing and is an indication of how far kites have come since they were simply a child s toy. The Rogallo wing rather than being used just as a kite has been put to numerous uses by the American military and is the basis for hang gliders and through them for many of the ultralight aircraft designs being flown today. ",Japan
" Another recent and widely used kite is the parafoil. It too has no spars sticks or other form of rigid bracing. It is a true aerofoil using the force of the wind to inflate the kite and maintain its shape. Of all kite designs this style gives the greatest amount of lift known to date. This design has been developed into steerable parachutes and is the basis of the paraglider a non rigid hang glider. With the development of the parafoil the evolution of the kite has undergone a new twist. Rather than aeroplanes imitating the shape and form of kites as happened at the end of the last and the beginning of this century kites are now starting to imitate the form of the aeroplane. ",Japan
" Manoeuvrable kites. ",Japan
" Kites have undergone a resurgence of interest recently. This is due mainly to the development of sport kites. These kites use two lines rather than one and may be steered around the sky often at speeds in excess of 100 kilometers per hour. Kites have also been developed which use four lines allowing the user to alter the angle the kite presents to the wind and so control forward and backward motion of the kite. As wonderful as these kites are manoeuvrable kites are not new. They have been used for centuries in one form or another around the world. ",Japan
" The oldest form of manoeuvrable kite was developed in Asia and uses one string rather than two to control it. Traditionally this sort of kite is made from tissue paper and bamboo. It is thought that it originally developed in China and then spread throughout the rest of Asia carried by explorers and Buddhist monks. This kite is made of flexible materials and is manoeuvered by pulling in or releasing line. When the line is pulled in the kite bends at the wingtips and becomes stable. In its bowed state it will fly in a straight line. When line is released the kite becomes flat and unstable. It will then tumble or spin. When the kite is pointing in the direction the flier wants it to go line is pulled in bowing the kite again and causing it to fly in a straight line along its new course. The amount of control over a kite of this style depends upon the skills of the flier and competitions to see who has the most skill are very common in Asia. This competition takes the form of a fight. The flying line normally button thread has part of its length coated with a mixture of glue and powdered glass or pottery making the line extremely abrasive. During the fight both contestants attempt to manoeuver their kites around the flying line of their opposition and when this has been achieved a sawing motion is all that is needed to wear through their opponent s flying line. For this reason this style of kite is commonly called a fighting kite. ",Japan
" More general contests or festivals also take place especially in India. The largest and oldest kite festival in the world takes place in Ahmedabad on the 14th of January of every year. This festival is a free for all with perhaps 100 000 kites in the sky at once all trying to cut each other down. The festival has been celebrated for centuries at the time that the winter solstice has passed and the sun has again climbed above the constellation of Capricorn. The festival is called Makar Sankranti which means the conclusion of Capricorn. Tales of kite fighting are found in the Sanskrit religious writings of the Veda and in the epic the Ramayana. The importance of kites in India is suggested by the Hindi language which has more than 100 different words for kite. ",Japan
" Thailand Malaysia Japan and Korea also have their own kite fighting traditions as well as their own traditional kite designs. The fighting kites of Japan are normally rectangular or hexagonal and can be big enough to require teams of up to 50 men to control them. It has been suggested that fighting kites developed in Japan as a method of solving disputes between neighbouring villages as a sort of aerial trial by combat. The city of Nagasaki one of the only points of contacts between Japan and the early European explorers during the time that Japan maintained an isolationist policy has a traditional fighting kite called the Hata. It is very similar in shape to the Indian fighter and is traditionally painted in the red white and blue colour scheme of the Dutch flag and the English translation of Hata means flag. Because the tradition of flying this style of kite in Japan is only found around Nagasaki it is commonly thought that the kite derives from Indian fighters brought to Japan by Dutch explorers and merchants. ",Japan
" Multiple line kites aren t new in Europe either. By 1826 George Pocock had used 4 stringed kites to pull carriages through the English countryside. These flying lines were used to allow the kites to be manoeuvered like the sails of a boat and just like a sailboat his kite drawn vehicle could actually tack into the wind. Other kites using more than one line were developed later in the nineteenth century mainly as devices for carrying rescue equipment to shipwrecks but it wasn t until the Second World War that kites using two lines were flown in the manner we are accustomed to today. Paul Garber s Navy Target Kite could be controlled by means of a rudder attached to the back of the kite and was used to give gunners on ships practice against a moving target. By the end of the war over 300000 of the kites had been distributed amongst American military forces around the world. ",Japan
" In the 1960s a number of dual control kites came on to the market but it wasn t until 1972 when the Peter Powell Stunt Kite was released that stunt kites became really popular. This diamond shaped kite was relatively cheap was easy to fly and used an extremely long inflatable tail that allowed people to sign write with their kite. It originally used aluminium spars and a plastic sail but later models used fibreglass spars and a ripstop nylon sail for increased durability. This kite is still in production today and remains a very popular design. ",Japan
" Since the development of the Peter Powell kite there have been many other innovations. One style of kite that has developed is called the Flexifoil basically a kite shaped like an aeroplane wing. Although very similar in design to a parafoil it differs in that it has no fins or keels and instead has a spar running along the front edge of the kite to hold it open. This kite develops incredible amounts of lift and can fly in an arc across the wind at speeds well in excess of 160 kilometers per hour. As the speed of this kite increases so does the amount of lift. Large versions of this kite easily drag people across flying fields and a recent innovation has been to water ski behind this style of kite. ",Japan
" The most common style of stunt kite is based on the delta wing. Shaped like hang gliders these kites make use of materials initially developed by the aerospace industry for high performance aeroplanes and spacecraft. Materials such as kevlar and spectra have properties such as very low stretch factors and remarkable strength to diameter ratios. Kevlar is used in the production of bullet proof vests whilst spectra is used in the tethers astronauts use when they work outside their spacecraft. These materials are also used in the manufacture of flying lines for high performance kites. A flying line made of spectra no thicker than ordinary sewing thread has a breaking strain of over 50 kilograms and will stretch less than one percent of its length. A nylon line of similar breaking strain would be around six times as thick and would have a stretch factor of about twenty percent. The spars used in many high performance kites are made from carbon fibre a non metallic material developed for use in Stealth aircraft as it doesn t show up on radar. Many other uses have been found for these sorts of materials as they have become more readily available and costs have been reduced. ",Japan
" The most recent development in kites has been the reintroduction of kites with four lines. These quad line kites can be flown forwards backwards or sidewards and may even be made to hover. The space age materials are new but the idea isn t  the Wright brothers used four lines on the models they built to test their ideas about wing warping. The flier holds two handles with lines attached to the top and bottom of both of them. Twisting the handles forwards or backwards alters the angle of the kite and it is possible to use the whole kite as a sort of combination elevator and aileron and so alter the angle that one or both sides of the kite meets the wind. By pulling the top of the kite further into the wind the kite will fly forwards. Pulling the bottom of the kite further into the wind will cause the kite to fly backwards. If the bottom of one side of the kite is pulled into the wind the kite will turn in that direction as this side of the kite no longer generates as much lift. These kites are quite difficult to fly but do give the flier an exceptional opportunity to learn about how the angle of a kite in the wind affects its flight. ",Japan
" The popularity of dual control and quad line kites has had a marked influence on kites in general. Kites are more popular now than at any previous time in history. While the manoeuvrable kites have captured the imagination of many there are also many people who have discovered the beauty and peacefulness of single line flying. The materials that have been used for manouevrable kites are now being used for single line kites as well giving kite makers greater scope for creative endeavour. Their creations are becoming bigger and bigger and the general public is taking more notice of them. During 1992 and 1993 there were two exhibitions of kites made by leading artists and kite makers touring the world and kite festivals around the world are multiplying at an astonishing rate. As a sport or a hobby kites have much in their favour. They are cheap quite easy to make and most importantly kites can teach the maker much about the physical world. ",Japan
" John Dee ",Japan
" Faust  Prospero  007  Magician  scholar  all and more . ",Japan
" SYMBOLISM. Alchemy ",Japan
"  alquimia   Symbols ",Japan
" unicursal hexagram Alchemy ancient Egypt Crowley by Mikewildt on DeviantArt ",Japan
" unicursal hexagram Alchemy ancient Egypt crowley unicursal hexagram Alchemy ancient Egypt Crowley ",Japan
" Claude glass believed to be John Dee s scrying mirror Europe undated ",Japan
" Remote viewing drawing The Enochian Entities Dr John Dee  1527 1608 9   British Museum text  ",Japan
" The Abbey of Thelema   WARNING there are some disturing images and PG is required. ",Japan
" Before we kick off I wasn t messing about when I said some people may find some of the following images disturbing. This report deals with an abandoned... ",Japan
" Reassembling the Lost Library of a 16th Century Magician Who Spoke to Angels ",Japan
" Scholar Courtier Magician  The Lost Library of John Dee opens today at the Royal College of Physicians  RCP  in London. ",Japan
" The English Ladye  Archive ",Japan
" 16th century antique furniture   interiors costume dramas english countryside greek mythology masquerade historical dance cult movies   television manor houses the middle ages autumn castle ruins ghosts witchcraft fairytales folklore paranormal apothecary. ",Japan
" John Dee bust. The Walker goes into the British Museum after his tools. ",Japan
" A bunch of gouache paintings  ",Japan
" Visit the post for more. ",Japan
" John Dee and Edward Kelley s Great Table Part II   Teresa Burns and J. Alan Moore ",Japan
" Kyoto ",Japan
" Green Tea Village Uji   Kyoto Travel Guide ",Japan
" Japan Travel Guide ",Japan
" How to experience green tea town Uji on your Japan tour  Let us share with you our favorite places in this beautiful little town near Kyoto  ",Japan
" Kyoto Highlights and Hidden Gems Itinerary ",Japan
" Japan Travel Guide ",Japan
" Would you like to get some ideas for your perfect Kyoto itinerary  We listed our 5 favorite Kyoto highlights along with 5 lesser known spots in Kyoto that really make you able to taste the local atmosphere in this beautiful city. ",Japan
" Nijo Castle  Nijo jo  ",Japan
" Japan Travel Guide ",Japan
" Nijo jo Castle in Kyoto has witnessed some of the most important events in Japanese history in the 400 years since it was built. In 1940 the palace was first opened to the public. Today it is one of the most important tourist spots in the city of Kyoto. ",Japan
" A Zen Experience in Kyoto ",Japan
" Japan Travel Guide ",Japan
" There is a Zen temple in Kyoto called Koshoji located near Kuramaguchi Station which is not a typical tourist sightseeing spot. Even though tourists are discouraged from going in it is an interesting place to visit. ",Japan
" Kinkakuji ",Japan
" Japan Travel Guide ",Japan
" Kinkakuji was founded in 1397 as a resting villa for the third shogun of the Muromachi era Ashikaga Yoshimitsu. This shogun asked his son to turn the villa into a Zen temple when he died and so it happened. ",Japan
" Kyoto  s 5 Recommended Places ",Japan
" Japan Travel Guide ",Japan
" While planning a trip to Kyoto it can be difficult to make the decision to choose where to go if you have a limited amount of time due to the large number of amazing sights that exist in Japan s ancient capital city. This is a list of the 5 best places to visit during your stay in Kyoto. ",Japan
" Nishijin Textile Center in Kyoto ",Japan
" Japan Travel Guide ",Japan
" If you are into artisanal goods or textiles be sure to visit the Nishijin district if you are in Kyoto. You will love the traditional houses small workshops and the Nishijin Textile Center. ",Japan
" Philosopher s Path in Kyoto ",Japan
" Japan Travel Guide ",Japan
" The ideal spot for some quiet thinking and to enjoy the 4 seasons of Japan the Philosopher s Path is beloved by tourists and locals alike. Find out how you can enjoy this wonderful little corner in Kyoto  ",Japan
" Kyoto Station ",Japan
" Japan Travel Guide ",Japan
" Kyoto station is not just a place to catch the train as there is plenty to see and do besides arriving and departing. Find out what makes Kyoto station worth visiting during your Japan tour  ",Japan
" Riverside Kibune in Kyoto ",Japan
" Japan Travel Guide ",Japan
" Kibune is a riverside area in the northern part of Kyoto. You can visit the famous Kifune Shrine hike to Kurama Temple over the mountain or enjoy lunch at one of the riverside open restaurants. ",Japan
" Yasaka Shrine ",Japan
" Kyoto ",Japan
" Located in the famous Gion district in Kyoto the Yasaka Shrine founded more than 1350 years ago stands out for its great beauty and its great buildings. ",Japan
" Kiyomizu Dera Temple Kyoto ",Japan
" Kyoto ",Japan
" More than 1200 years have passed since the founding of the Kiyomizu Dera temple. Situated halfway to Mount Otowa on one of the peaks of the Higashiyama mountain range of Kyoto this temple draws a large number of visitors who want to pay their respect to Kannon ",Japan
" Gion Corner in Kyoto ",Japan
" Japan Travel Guide ",Japan
" If you don t have the budget to see Kyoto s geisha in action in an actual tea house Gion Corner in the Gion district is a must visit on your trip to Kyoto to get a great overview of traditional Japanese performing arts. ",Japan
" Arashiyama in Kyoto ",Japan
" Japan Travel Guide ",Japan
" In the early medieval years rich nobles traveled to Arashiyama to enjoy the natural landscape and escape the city. Now this place is for everyone rich or poor. The word  Arashiyama  translates to  Storm Mountain . ",Japan
" Kimono Forest in Kyoto ",Japan
" Japan Travel Guide ",Japan
" In Kyoto it is very common to see people dressed in the traditional clothes of Japan the kimono. There is even a rather peculiar place that honors the designs of this beautiful garment. This place is known as Kimono Forest. It is a must see promenade for people heading to the bamboo forest located in the Arashiyama area. ",Japan
" How to Use the Bus System in Kyoto ",Japan
" Info ",Japan
" In Kyoto the best way to get around is by bus. This is because in many cases the train stations are located a long walk from the attractions that tourists want to see. ",Japan
" Rurikoin Temple ",Japan
" Kyoto ",Japan
" When we hear or see the words  yuka midori  somewhere  like on a train station poster  it is considered as the herald of early summer. This year I visited Rurikoin temple for the first time while it was holding a special opening for the yuka midori  ",Japan
" A Local Neighborhood in Kyoto ",Japan
" Japan Travel Guide ",Japan
" If you have already finished the beginners  course of travel in Kyoto and traveled around the many touristy spots it is time to explore the daily lives of the locals  ",Japan
" Machiya  Traditional Japanese Houses Kyoto ",Japan
" Kyoto ",Japan
" A  machiya  is a traditional wooden house that is especially typical of Kyoto city. Machiya originated during the Heian period  8th 11th century  and were continuously developed during the Edo and Meiji periods. It was the artisans and merchants of the cities who lived in machiya. ",Japan
" Nishiki Market ",Japan
" Kyoto ",Japan
" The best way to learn about everyday Japanese life and what people like to cook at home is to visit one of its many food markets. Nishiki Market  Nishiki Ichiba in Japanese  is in the center of Kyoto and it has a history that dates back more than 400 years. ",Japan
" Byodoin Temple ",Japan
" Kyoto ",Japan
" The Byodoin temple is the most famous landmark in a part of Kyoto that is especially known for its tea Uji. The image of the temple is very well known throughout Japan because it is the image depicted on the back of a 10 yen coin ",Japan
" Kodaiji Temple ",Japan
" Kyoto ",Japan
" Kodaiji Temple is located in Higashiyama. It was founded in 1605 by Kita no Mandokoro as a memorial to her husband Toyotomi Hideyoshi. ",Japan
" Heian Jingu ",Japan
" Kyoto ",Japan
" The Heian Jingu shrine was instituted in 1895 to commemorate the 1100 year anniversary of the return of the capital to Heian  today s Kyoto . The Shin en Garden within the grounds of the Heian Jingu Shrine is known worldwide as one of the most famous gardens that were created during the Meiji period. ",Japan
" Sanjusangendo ",Japan
" Kyoto ",Japan
" The official name of Sanjusangendo is Rengeo in temple and the structure is registered as a National Treasure by the Japanese government. It was established by the powerful warrior politician Taira no Kiyomori in 1164. ",Japan
" Gion in Kyoto ",Japan
" Kyoto ",Japan
" Gion is the place where the famous geisha   the cultural symbol of Japan are still doing their work every night. Geisha literally means  artist  although in Kyoto they are called  geiko  which means  woman of art . ",Japan
" Chionin Temple in Kyoto ",Japan
" Kyoto ",Japan
" The Chion in temple in Kyoto is a Buddhist temple and is the home of Jo do Buddhism founded by monk Ho nen in the 12th century. This school of Buddhism is also called  Pure Land Buddhism  one of the most practiced forms of Buddhism in the east of Asia. ",Japan
" Tofukuji Temple ",Japan
" Kyoto ",Japan
" One of my favorite Zen temples is the Tofukuji temple located in the east of Kyoto city. What makes this temple very special are its magnificent landscapes of maple trees and cherry blossoms in autumn and spring and its wonderful garden. ",Japan
" Kitano Tenmangu Shrine in Kyoto ",Japan
" Kyoto ",Japan
" The shrine of Kitano Tenmangu was built in the 10th century by the emperor of the time in honor of Sugawara no Michizane who was a scholar and politician. ",Japan
" Ryoanji Temple in Kyoto ",Japan
" Kyoto ",Japan
" Ryoan ji  The Temple of the Peaceful Dragon  is a Zen temple located in Kyoto which was built by Hosokawa Katsumoto a minister of the Ashikaga Shogunate in 1450. The temple is especially famous for its stone landscape garden. ",Japan
" Fushimi Inari Taisha in Kyoto ",Japan
" Kyoto ",Japan
" Known worldwide for its more than 10000 torii gates in a row the Fushimi Inari Taisha shrine attracts around 3 million visitors the first three days of the year alone and is one of the most famous attractions of Kyoto. ",Japan
" Toji Temple in Kyoto ",Japan
" Kyoto ",Japan
" Toji means Eastern Temple and this temple in Kyoto has a very long history. The religious foundations of Kyoto were laid here and Buddha has protected the city from where Kukai founded the temple since 796. ",Japan
" Ginkakuji Temple in Kyoto ",Japan
" Kyoto ",Japan
" Ginkaku ji or Silver Pavilion was constructed by the Shogun Ashikaga Yoshimasa in the 15th century. You can still see Yoshimasa s quest for beauty in the Ginkaku ji even after 500 years. ",Japan
" Kyoto City ",Japan
" Kyoto ",Japan
" Kyoto is often called the heart of Japan  and it is said that it would be impossible to get to know the country without visiting this wonderful city which is home to some 1600 temples 250 tombs 60 gardens 24 museums 2 imperial villas and some the most photogenic places in the country ",Japan
" Kyoto Area Guide ",Japan
" December 19 2019 ",Japan
" The charming city of Kyoto has a resident population of 1.5 million and perhaps exactly because of its historic and cultural treasures is the most popular destination for inbound tourists to Japan. ",Japan
" Contents ",Japan
" There are many good reasons to choose Kyoto as your home in Japan. A top draw for many resident foreigners is the breathtaking temples shrines gardens and other cultural destinations sprinkled throughout a relatively slow paced but thoroughly modern city. Osaka Station is about thirty minutes by express train from Kyoto Station. Tokyo is also just two and half hours away by shinkansen. ",Japan
" This is not to mention the food  Kyoto is known for its tofu kaiseki ryouri and Buddhist vegetarian offerings  and proximity to spectacular natural areas such as Arashiyama located on the western outskirts of the city. Kyoto of course also offers urban delights. Shopping dining and entertainment are concentrated around Shijo Kawaramachi. The covered shopping arcades will give you some relief from the summer heat and rainy season humidity but you will still have to jostle with the crowds. ",Japan
" The famous bamboo groves of Sagano Arashiyama Kyoto. ",Japan
" Location ",Japan
" If you live in the city of 10000 shrines  one thing to know is that certain areas of the city will be deluged with tourists during the cherry blossom season and around the major festivals  the Aoi Gion and Jidai Festivals in May July and October respectively  and that year round tens of millions of people visit the city. In 2015 a record 56.84 million tourists visited Kyoto. This means that even during non festival times the public transportation system  especially city buses  can be packed to a degree that doesn t seem commensurate with the actual resident population. ",Japan
" Recommended Agents in Kyoto ",Japan
" KOWA CO. LTD. is a real estate leasing company with over 67 years of history in Kyoto Japan. We provide quality furnished apartments for low initial cost.  No Key Money No Agency Fee No Guarantee Company Fee and No Guarantor Person  ",Japan
" Our motto is to be helpful as a professional and provide our customers with a quick response. For more information please feel free to contact us   ",Japan
" Location  436 Furunishi cho Nakagyo ku Kyoto city Kyoto Japan 604 8227 ",Japan
" Orientation and a Little History ",Japan
" Here are a few things to help you get oriented. ",Japan
" Kyoto is roughly flanked by mountains to the east and west. The Kamo River runs north south through the center of the city. Osaka is about 60 km to the south. ",Japan
" The city was built on a rectangular grid system. The main streets running east to west are numbered in ascending order from north to south and are roughly 500 meters apart from each other  with smaller streets in between . This means Ni Jyou  2nd Avenue  is north of San Jyo  Third Avenue  and San Jyou is north of Shi Jyou  Fourth Avenue . The main north south street is Karasuma dori  Karasuma Avenue  which runs from Kyoto Station through the city center to the Imperial Palace. ",Japan
" Kyoto was originally modeled after the Chinese Tang dynasty  618 907  capital Chang an  now Xian . At some early point the western half of Kyoto came to be called Choan jo  Chang an Castle  and the eastern half Rakuyo jo  Castle of Luoyang another early Chinese capital . However the western half of Kyoto was full of wetlands and soon became desolate and the name Choan jo gained only nominal usage. On the other hand the development of eastern Kyoto made Rakuyo synonymous with the capital and the abbreviation Raku came to mean Kyoto itself. During the 14th century the Imperial Palace the center of the capital also moved over to the east where the current Imperial Palace of Kyoto is located today. Rakuchu rakugair  refers to the areas within Kyoto  raku chu inside the capital  and its vicinity  raku gai outside the capital . Source  Kyoto National Museum ",Japan
" Livability ",Japan
" Because of this history even now one way that many residents view the geography of the city is in terms of one s location in relation to the Kyoto Imperial Palace. Kyoto has eleven wards  the Imperial Palace is in Kamigyo Ward . ",Japan
" Kyoto City ward map. Source  Wikimedia ",Japan
" Using the concept of Rakuchu Rakugai   within the castle  without  outside  the castle  the city is sometimes conceptually divided as follows  ",Japan
" Central Kyoto ",Japan
" These are the central wards of Kyoto. Kyoto Station for example is located in Shimogyo Ward the Imperial Palace is in Kamigyo Ward. Living in the central wards gives you easy access to the shinkansen and the main shopping  Shijo Avenue and Kyoto stations being the main shopping districts . As is true in any city average rent in the central wards trends higher than in outlying areas. The average rent for a studio apartment  1K or 1R  near Kyoto Station is about  60000  compared to about  103000 for a 1K near Tokyo Station. For listings near Kyoto Station please see  Apartments near Kyoto Station. ",Japan
" Kyoto Station. Photo  kanonn via Flickr ",Japan
" Recommendation from a local resident  Gojo Station ",Japan
" A friend of ours who lives in Kyoto recommends Gojo Station  on the subway Karasuma Line  if you are looking to live in one of the central wards. Gojo Station is just one stop away from Shijo Station  which is considered by many locals to be the actual center of Kyoto and not the Imperial Palace   but is not as expensive as living near Shijo Station itself. Average rent for a studio apartment near Gojo Station is about  59000. Gojo is also located almost exactly between Kyoto Station and Karasuma Oike Station which makes it extremely convenient for easily getting to both Osaka and transferring to Kyoto s only other subway line the Tozai line. ",Japan
" Northern Kyoto ",Japan
" Raku Hoku   North of the castle   Kita Ward Sakyo Ward and the part of Ukyo Ward including what used to be Keihoku cho ",Japan
" Raku Hoku the northern wards of Kyoto are rich in nature as well as being home to some of Kyoto s most iconic temples  notably Kinkaku ji on the southern edge of the ward  and shrines. The northern part of Kita ku  North Ward  is mountainous and not easily accessible by subway but you can get around well using the extensive city bus system. ",Japan
" Kinkaku ji  Temple of the Golden Pavilion   Kita ku Kyoto. Photo  Wikimedia ",Japan
" Sakyo ku in the northeastern corner of the city is home to some of the city s most iconic landmarks as well as beautifully landscaped walks. Ginkaku ji  the Silver Pavilion   marks the northern end and the Philosopher s Walk marks the southern end of the ward. This area of Kyoto is rich in ancient history and dining and shopping here are more of the traditional kind. Live here if you enjoy discovering a hidden tea shop or quaint noodle shop on your weekend walkabouts. ",Japan
" Philosopher s Walk Sakyo Ward Kyoto. Photo  trioptikmal via Flickr. ",Japan
" Recommendation from a local resident  Ichijoji Station ",Japan
" A friend of ours who lives in Sakyo Ward highly recommends Ichijoji Station on the Eizan line if you are a single person or student looking to live in northern Kyoto.This station is convenient for students commuting to the Kyoto Institute of Technology and Kyoto University of Art and Design. ",Japan
" There are many inexpensive eateries and ramen shops on the west side of the station as well as a small supermarket. On the east side go to the Hankyu Oasis              to buy fancier food items and south to Izumiya Takano           for daily necessities and sundries. On Real Estate Japan we do not currently have listings near Ichijoji Station but we do offer a number of apartments near Chayama Station which is just one stop south of Ichijoji. Near Chayama Station you can rent a studio apartment for about  50000 a month. ",Japan
" Ichijoji Sation on the Eizan line. Photo  Hidehiro Komatsu via Wikimedia ",Japan
" Western Kyoto ",Japan
" Raku Sei   West of the castle   Ukyo Ward excluding what used to be Keihoku cho Nishikyo Ward ",Japan
" The most well known areas of western Kyoto are Sagano  famed for its bamboo grove pictured above and Arashiyama. This part of Kyoto is renowned for the harmony of the cityscape against the backdrop of Arashiyama  Storm Mountain  and the Oi River and its historic shrines and temples. ",Japan
" Hankyu Saiin Station on the Hankyu Kyoto Main line Kyoto. Photo  Wikimedia ",Japan
" Our Kyoto friend recommends Hankyu Saiin on the Hankyu Kyoto Main line if you want to live in western Kyoto. This is an extremely convenient station for commuting to both central Kyoto and Osaka as the Hankyu Kyoto Main departs from Osaka s Umeda Station and terminates at Kyoto s Kawaramachi Station. Saiin is the fourth to last station before reaching Kawaramachi station. It is also the nearest station to the Kyoto University of Foreign Studies. On Real Estate Japan we currently offer a number of spacious one  and two bedroom  2DK to 3DK  apartments for rent near Saiin Station from about the  85000 a month range. The average rent for studio apartments near Saiin Station is about  45000 a month. ",Japan
" Eastern Kyoto ",Japan
" Higashiyama  literally East Mountain   Ward is best known for the district by the same name which is located on the lower slopes of the eastern mountains and is one of the city s best preserved historic districts. The streets in Higashiyama are lined with small shops cafes and restaurants which have been catering to tourists for hundreds of years. ",Japan
" Higashiyama Kyoto. ",Japan
" Yamashina Ward in southeastern Kyoto used to be a farming village located between Kyoto and Shiga prefecture but Yamashina has now mainly known as a residential area for people commuting to central Kyoto and Osaka because of its convenient location. Historically Yamashina was an important point for traffic connecting Kyoto and eastern Japan via the Tokaido  Road . ",Japan
" Our Kyoto friends recommend Yamashina Station if you want to live in southeastern Kyoto. Yamashina Station is a stop on three different lines  JR West the subway Tozai line and Keihan Keishin line. It is also only one stop from Kyoto Station  On Real Estate Japan we currently have a number of listings near Yamashina Station including studio apartments from around  45000 a month making this station both convenient and budget friendly. ",Japan
" Southern Kyoto ",Japan
" Southern Kyoto is blessed with abundant natural areas near the Horikawa River  whose underwater springs supply the water for Fushimi s famous sake  as well as affordable residential neighborhoods and easy train connections to Osaka. Live in this part of Kyoto if you want to keep one foot in the city and the other in Osaka  ",Japan
" Our Kyoto friend recommends Fujinomori Station on the Keihan Main line if you are thinking about living in southern Kyoto. This is the perfect station to go directly to central Kyoto  Sanjo Station is seven stops away  or central Osaka. It is also an easy transfer to get to Kyoto Station. Shopping is convenient here as there is a large supermarket           Max Value  directly in the front of the station as well as a number of smaller shops on Shimaibashi Dori. A locally famous restaurant is the hand made udon shop Honkaku Teuchi Udon Taiga             . Two stops away from Fujimori is Fushimi Inari station which tends to be chock full of tourists flocking to see Fushimi Inari shrine. ",Japan
" And there you have it  This is but a brief guide to the main areas of Kyoto. To which beautiful part of the city will your road lead  ",Japan
" Opera ",Japan
" Lucia di Lammermoor ",Japan
" SCHEDULE ",Japan
" 2020 2021 SEASON ",Japan
" Music by Gaetano DONIZETTI Opera in 2 Parts  3 Acts  Sung in Italian with English and Japanese surtitles ",Japan
" Co production with Opera de Monte Carlo ",Japan
" OPERA PALACE ",Japan
" 18 Apr.   25 Apr. 2021   4 Performances   ",Japan
" Running time is approx. 3 hours 15 mins including intervals ",Japan
" DETAILS ",Japan
" Lucia di Lammermoor is one of the finest bel canto operas composed by Gaetano DONIZETTI. ",Japan
" Set in Ravenswood in 17th century Scotland the story unfolds around Lucia her brother Enrico Lord of Lammermoor and Edgardo Lucia s lover and Enrico s antagonistic rival. ",Japan
" One of the auditory highlights is Il Dolce Suono... Spargi D amaro Pianto sung by Lucia in the famous Mad Scene. This well known aria is a demanding piece tackled by many coloratura sopranos. ",Japan
" This production directed by Jean Louis GRINDA was produced in collaboration with the Op ra de Monte Carlo in Monaco and had its world premiere at the NNTT in 2017. Following that it was performed at Palau de les Arts Reina Sofia in June 2019 and at the Op ra de Monte Carlo in Monaco in November the same year. The lead role of Lucia will be sung by the stunning soprano Irina LUNGU who mesmerised audiences with her impressive technique and expression in La Traviata in 2017. Edgardo will be performed by the popular bel canto tenor Lawrence BROWNLEE while SUDO Shingo whose Italian repertoire have gained good reputation will take on the role of Enrico. Speranza SCAPPUCCI the talk of houses worldwide will taking up the baton in her long awaited NNTT debut. ",Japan
"  Please note that we will modify a part of the original production into a new normal style version.  Cast changes may be required depend on the Japanese government s travelling restrictions from overseas. ",Japan
"  Covid 19  Our Prevention Plan and Request to Our Patrons ",Japan
" The performances will be taking place based on the policies of the Japanese government and the Tokyo Metropolitan government along with the guideline for the prevention of the spread of COVID 19 infection by the Association of Public Theatres and Halls in Japan. ",Japan
" Please read this page before visiting the theatre. ",Japan
" NEWS   FEATURES ",Japan
" 24TH June 2020 ",Japan
"  COVID 19  Our Prevention Plan and Request to Our Patrons ",Japan
" Cast change   Lucia di Lammermoor  18 25 April    Don Carlo  20 29 May  ",Japan
" SYNOPSIS ",Japan
" The Farewell The gardens of the castle. Normanno the right hand retainer of the lord of the castle speaks of how he will restore the family s honour. Then Enrico lord of the castle lets slip that he wants to destroy his arch enemy Edgardo and have his sister Lucia enter into a tactical marriage with Lord Arturo but that Lucia will not consent. Lucia s instructor Raimondo explains that she is weeping thinking of her mother who has passed away  to which Normanno says She has a lover  and reveals that it is Enrico s arch enemy Edgardo. Enrico pales with anger and people inform him that Edgardo has appeared for a moment . Enrico s rage builds. Evening at the castle. Lucia waits in the garden for her lover. She says she has seen a ghost by the fountain thus frightening her handmaid Alisa. Edgardo appears and tells Lucia that he must make an urgent trip to France. This saddens Lucia but he asks her to pledge her undying love for him. The exchange rings and Lucia bids him farewell. ",Japan
" The Engagement Enrico s house. Normanno tells his lord that he has prepared a counterfeit letter as if from Edgardo stating that he has given his heart to another woman. Lucia appears. Her brother orders her to marry Arturo for the sake of the family but she replies that she has pledged her love to another. However she is shaken by reading the counterfeit letter and calls on divine help. Raimondo talks to Lucia and persuader her that her lover is unfaithful. A crowd awaits the bridegroom in the great hall of the palace. Arturo appears. Enrico goes to greet him and Lucia also appears attired as a bride. In a daze she signs the marriage covenant as ordered. At the moment Edgardo suddenly appears. Arturo and Enrico stand in his way but Raimondo comes between them and shows the marriage covenant. On seeing it Edgardo really believes Lucia has betrayed him and grabs the ring from her finger. The whole castle goes into an uproar. ",Japan
" A room in the tower Edgardo lives in. In the midst of a storm Enrico appears before the troubled Edgardo. The two challenge each other to a dual. There is a banquet going on at Enrico s castle where Raimondo appears and tells everyone that Lucia has lost her mind and killed Arturo. Before long Lucia appears covered in blood crying Edgardo s name and mumbling that she still loves h. On seeing her in this state Enrico and Raimondo are at a loss. Lucia collapses. The scene changes to Edgardo standing motionless before the graves of his forebears mulling his lover s treachery. He is startled by the appearance of others singing Oh forlorn maiden  and asks who they are weeping for. Raimondo appears and tells him of Lucia s death. The despairing Edgardo prays May we be wedded in heaven  and follows Lucia into death. ",Japan
" Irina LUNGU ",Japan
" Lawrence BROWNLEE ",Japan
" SUDO Shingo ",Japan
" TICKETS ",Japan
"  The tickets will be sold for all seats as normal  except the seats in rows 1 3 on the 1st Floor . ",Japan
" Booking Z seats  Day tickets  1650 yen ",Japan
" You are able to purchase Z seat tickets online from 10 00 am to 11 00 am. Click BUY TICKETS next to Z under each performance information. ",Japan
" There is a handling charge of  330  incl. tax . ",Japan
" Only when seats allocated as Z seat are still available 2 hours before the show starts you are able to purchase these tickets at the Box Office of the theatre. ",Japan
" Note that all Z seats are on a first come first served basis and will come with restricted views. ",Japan
" Concession Prices ",Japan
" Under 15s discounts and Z seats  Day Tickets  are available online. Other types of discount tickets are not available online. Please inquire at the Box Office or by telephone. ",Japan
"  Please note that further changes or cancellations may be required as the coronavirus situation develops or to comply with requests from the Government. ",Japan
" Please Note ",Japan
" No admittance to pre school children. Each child older than this age requires a ticket for entry even when accompanied by a parent or guardian. ",Japan
" In case you correspond to the conditions as mentioned on this page or if you choose not to attend the performance due to prevent infection please be sure to call the New National Theatre Tokyo Box Office in advance. At that point we will tell you the Refund method. ",Japan
" A special discount price is available for disabled guests. Please inquire at the Box Office for details. ",Japan
" Users of wheelchairs are requested to contact the Box Office. ",Japan
" To enjoy our content please include The Japan Times on your ad blocker s list of approved sites. ",Japan
" Moon over Matsushima ",Japan
" As Western explorers roamed the world in quest of riches in isolated Japan a poet trekked through the  Deep North  in search of the sublime ",Japan
" Sorry but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you re not sure how to activate it please refer to this site  https   www.enable javascript.com  ",Japan
" God made me the messenger of the new heaven and the new earth of which he spoke in the Apocalypse . . . ",Japan
"   Christopher Columbus 1498 ",Japan
" Here am I in the Second Year of Genroku suddenly taking it into my head to make a long journey to the far northern provinces. I might as well be going to the ends of the earth   ",Japan
"   Matsuo Basho 1689 ",Japan
" Strange by Western standards that premodern Japan s most famous traveler should have been a poet. The voyagers the West celebrates as explorers and discoverers were hard headed seamen rapacious adventurers high minded idealists   a mixed bag but poetry  ",Japan
" Their inspiration lay elsewhere   in ambition stronger than prudence in lusts deeper than fear. Fear of what  They hardly knew which made it doubly fearful. It took Prince Henry the Navigator s 15th century Portuguese sailors more than 60 years to inch their way down the unknown African coast   for said the mariners this much is clear that beyond  Morocco s Cape Bojador  there is no race of men nor place of inhabitants . . . while the currents are so terrible that no ships having once passed the Cape will ever be able to return . . .  So noted a contemporary chronicler. ",Japan
" Bartholomeu Dias who rounded the continent s southern tip in 1488 was driven by courage of course but also lest his courage fail him by a storm so terrible the crew gave themselves up for dead.  When the wind abated they found to their astonishment that the coast ran northeast. The Indian Ocean lay open before them vast and uncharted. Somewhere out there were the fabulous Indies including Cipangu  Japan   islands most fertile  Marco Polo had reported 200 years before in gold pearls and precious stones and they cover the temples and the royal residences with solid gold.  ",Japan
" The cozy little world of medieval Christendom three continents huddled around the Mediterranean with Paradise somewhere off to the east was about to explode. ",Japan
" On the 27th day of the third moon  of the second year of Genroku   May 16 1689 314 years ago this week   Basho  a pen name deriving from the basho banana plant by his cottage  set forth from Edo  Tokyo  on his most famous journey   a five month trek north to Hiraizumi in present day Iwate Prefecture then southwest down the Sea of Japan coast to Ogaki near Lake Biwa. He was 45 a veteran of the road with four poetic travel narratives already behind him. Oku no hosomichi  Narrow Road to the Deep North   in 1694 became the fifth. ",Japan
" In the first The Record of a Weather Exposed Skeleton  he describes his wanderlust  Following the example of the ancient priest who is said to have traveled thousands of miles caring naught for his provisions and attaining the state of sheer ecstasy under the pure beams of the moon I left my broken house on the River Sumida in August  1684  among the wails of the autumn wind.  ",Japan
" We gather from the title that he was not robust and his poem as he prepares to depart   Determined to fall  A weather exposed skeleton . . .    suggests awful perhaps fatal rigors lying ahead. The anticipated harvest was poetry   not gold spices slaves knowledge trade routes heathens converted to Christianity or new lands won for his sovereign to reign over. Poetry  Sheer ecstasy under the pure beams of the moon.  ",Japan
" Basho surely never heard of Columbus and his new continent or of Vasco da Gama who sailed round Africa and landed in India in 1498 or of Ferdinand Magellan who circumnavigated the globe in 1520 21. Basho s world in physical terms was far far narrower than even the pre Columbian Western world. ",Japan
" China  was Basho s symbol for anything in it that was not Japan. He had never set eyes on China never would didn t want to. Had not Chinese and Japanese poets of old already captured its magnificence in verse  He left for the Deep North dreaming of the moon over Matsushima   nor did Matsushima disappoint him when he finally arrived  Matsushima is indeed the most beautiful place in all Japan  It can easily hold its own with Lake Tung ting and Lake Xi in China.  ",Japan
" China meant more than dream scenery to Columbus and he had every intention of setting eyes on it. He envisioned a fabulous empire of gold jewels spices inconceivable flora and fauna possibly even the legendary Christian king known as Prester John reportedly eager to unite with Western Christians against the infidel. China is where Columbus thought he was going when he sailed westward from Spain in August 1492  it s where he thought he was two months later when a Cuban Indian  made a reference to a local region called Cubanacan  and Columbus took him to mean El Gran Can    the Great Khan of Marco Polo s China. Thinking they were being escorted to the khan s palace Columbus and his men arrived instead at a village of 50 palm thatched huts whose awed inhabitants received them as messengers from the sky. Basho would have been charmed. ",Japan
" Basho s Cuba    his America    was Japan s far northern provinces.  That was as remote as a Japanese could legally venture in his day and for nearly two centuries to come. The country had been sealed shut 60 years earlier by order of the Tokugawa Shogunate. The policy was called sakoku   literally closed country.  Venturing overseas   or having ventured returning   was a capital offense. ",Japan
" Might that not cramp a wandering poet s style  Not Basho s. Far from straining at the bit far from lusting for the great wide world from which his country s laws barred him Basho paused at the Tokugawa shrine at Nikko on his way north to pay fulsome homage to the most sacred of all shrines  whose  benevolent power prevails throughout the land embracing the entire people like the bright beams of the sun.  ",Japan
" Politics aside freedom is Basho s theme embodied in his very trajectory. Heading north writes Basho translator Nobuyuki Yuasa meant avoiding the familiar Tokaido route.  In the imagination of the people at least the North was largely unexplored and it represented for Basho all the mystery there was in the universe. ",Japan
" Symbolic gateway to this mystery  was the Shirakawa Barrier 180 km north of Edo in present day Fukushima Prefecture. An ancient defense against northern barbarians it was a mere ruin in Basho s day but as an utamakura a place with poetic associations it was very much alive. Had I a messenger I would send a missive to the capital   wrote the poet Taira Kanemori at Shirakawa in the 10th century by which time the barrier was already in disuse. The suggestion is of hopeless remoteness   but Basho unlike Kanemori was not ending his journey here. He was beginning it. ",Japan
" The West had its own version of sakoku. Scholars call it the Great Interruption    a 1000 year attempt reinforced by all the supernatural terrors of the primitive Christian imagination to squeeze the world into a shape consistent with Holy Writ. Jerusalem was the navel of the world.  Six parts hast thou dried up  declared the apocryphal Book of Esdras   six parts of seven that is  oceans hardly came into the picture at all. When they did they led to the void or to Paradise. ",Japan
" St. Brendan  484 578  sailed westward from Ireland to Paradise. So he said on his return and he was believed. His sacred island  writes historian Daniel Boorstin remained plainly marked on maps for more than 1000 years at least until 1759.  Christopher Columbus the discoverer of America made four voyages to his new continent without realizing that it was one. He thought it was Asia. But the puzzles and inconsistencies multiplied. His journals show him suspecting the truth  I believe this is a very great continent until today unknown   then veering away from it  I am convinced it is the spot of the earthly paradise wither no one can go but by God s permission . . .  The great discoverer died in 1506 unenlightened by his discoveries. ",Japan
" By Basho s time of course most of the confusion had been sorted out. America was settled and thriving  the institutions and the thinking that were to produce the American Revolution were well under way. Europe s fleets plied the oceans its commerce spanned the globe. Even closed Cipangu had given the Dutch a foothold at Nagasaki. The new world vast beyond medieval imaginings was slowly growing familiar. ",Japan
" Basho meanwhile plodded north. A famous contemporary portrait shows him in priestly garb leaning on a stick his feet shod in thin sandals his disciple Sora following behind. He traveled mostly on foot occasionally on horseback a prematurely elderly man feeble and frequently ill braving the rigors of the road in pursuit of the moon over Matsushima.  ",Japan
" Whatever such a mind sees is a flower  he had written earlier   such a mind  meaning a mind in harmony with nature   and whatever such a mind dreams of is the moon.  In Basho the stars pass almost unnoticed. ",Japan
" Did he know of the newly discovered shape and extent of the world  There is no indication he did or that he cared about such things. Other matters preoccupied him the smaller and quieter the better. ",Japan
" Born Matsuo Kinsaku in 1644 in the castle town of Ueno near Kyoto he studied poetry as a child and as a young man cast off his samurai status to enter a temple. He moved to Edo became a teacher of poetry grew increasingly restless with social and poetic conventions and drifted away from both moving into a quasi hermitage on the Sumida River and slowly over the years refining haiku from a facile social pastime into an art mirroring our everlasting self which is poetry.  ",Japan
" What is the matter you Christian men that you so greatly esteeme so little portion of gold more than your own quietnesse . . .  So the 16th century chronicler Peter Martyr records a young Indian reproaching a party of Spaniards quarreling over gold. A pity Basho never encountered these Indians. He would have liked them   and they him. Since I had nowhere permanent to stay  he wrote I had no interest whatever in keeping treasures and since I was empty handed I had no fear of being robbed on the way.  ",Japan
" As for quietnesse  that was Basho s special discovery and he gave it a significance beyond mere absence of noise  ",Japan
" Stillness   the cicada s chirp seeps into the rocks.  ",Japan
" He trudged miles for months through primitive country in poor health   seeking no reward beyond stillness.  It must have been a marvelous stillness indeed purchased at so high a cost. ",Japan
" Among the squabbling Spaniards was one Vasco Nunez de Balboa. The Indian in Peter Martyr s report continues  I will shewe you a region flowing with golde where you may satisfie your ravening appetites . . . When you are passing over these mountains . . . you will see another sea . . .  Following the Indian s directions Balboa and his party hacked their way across the Isthmus of Panama passing through inaccessible defiles inhabited by ferocious beasts . . . risking poisonous snakes and the arrows of unknown tribes.  On Sept. 25 1513 they became the first Europeans to behold the Pacific Ocean. Kneeling upon the ground  Balboa  raised his hands to heaven and saluted the . . . sea  according to his account he gave thanks to God and all the saints for having reserved this glory for him an ordinary man . . .  ",Japan
" Basho immortalized lesser glory. From Yamagata where he encountered the cicada he trekked on to the Mogami River. The river was swollen with rain making the boat journey perilous.  Of such scenes is haiku made. ",Japan
" Gathering the rains of the wet season   swift the Mogami River.  ",Japan
" In a time of both misinformation and too much information quality journalism is more crucial than ever. By subscribing you can help us get the story right. ",Japan
" PHOTO GALLERY  CLICK TO ENLARGE  ",Japan
" With your current subscription plan you can comment on stories. However before writing your first comment please create a display name in the Profile section of your subscriber account page. ",Japan
" Your subscription plan doesn t allow commenting. To learn more see our FAQ ",Japan
" To enjoy our content please include The Japan Times on your ad blocker s list of approved sites. ",Japan
" Motobu  History and nature do the talking ",Japan
" Northern Okinawa peninsula is a treasure trove of Ryukyu culture ",Japan
" Sorry but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you re not sure how to activate it please refer to this site  https   www.enable javascript.com  ",Japan
" MOTOBU OKINAWA PREF.   As Okinawa s Route 58 snakes northwards leaving behind the lines of silver razor wire that surround the perimeters of U.S. military bases the shabby ribbon of towns that form a kind of urban bricolage is replaced with farmland and salty breezes from the East China Sea. ",Japan
" Nago is the first settlement of consequence in this region of northern Okinawa. An appealingly laconic town with stained concrete buildings sun blistered wooden homes and little comestible stores it reminds me of the dusty towns along the Mekong River in northern Thailand. The improbable decision to choose Nago to host the Group of Eight summit in 2000 briefly put the area on the map. It has since dropped off. ",Japan
" My purpose for being here is to visit its city hall designed by a daring group of young architects who were also the founders in 1971 of a collective known as Team Zoo. The group was commissioned to create a building that departed from tradition in a town where in ancient times building styles were based on Chinese models. ",Japan
" Completed in 1981 the town hall reflects the region s languid semitropical environs with airy open corridors and staircases wide patios and shaded breezeways bedizened with pots of pink and magenta bougainvillea. The exterior columns a latticework of concrete pillars and supports are covered in bands of pink and gray like a barber s pole. The open design has shaped a building that does not despite its function seem in the least bit institutional. ",Japan
" Critic Patrice Goulet once commented that Team Zoo s projects though patently unconventional in drawing their ideas from the vernacular culture could appear so normal to some so traditional even   so vulgar to others.  Affectionately eccentric one might add like the 56 talismanic Okinawa shisa statues  lion esque guardians of Okinawa homes  that are tacked to the outside of the building perched on concrete plinths like gargoyles. ",Japan
" At the rear of Unten Port to the northeast of the peninsula Mumujana baka rarely appears on maps. Over half a millennium old   but unlisted as a heritage site   its tombs carved into the rock face and containing the remains of regents who once served the Ryukyu Kingdom have remained outside the mainstream of time. Neither Buddhist nor Shinto with ties closer to ancient forms of animism Okinawans have long practiced a polytheistic form of religion   largely presided over by female priestesses and shamans   that concerns itself more with ritual than complex cosmological musings. ",Japan
" Somebody had left a clutch of cane walking sticks at the entrance to the tombs placed there not to support the weary but to thwack the tropical growth on either side of the earthen path to send snakes slithering away. My experience of habu Okinawa s most venomous pit viper creatures that infest limestone cliffs like this is that they are not so easily intimidated. ",Japan
" Traditionally the floors of homes in this and other rural areas were cleansed with salt water a measure aimed at preventing snakes and cockroaches from entering. Luckily the only reptile I come across is the harmless Ryukyu kinobori tokage an alert green skinned Okinawa tree lizard. The region s ibo imori newt mountain turtles and the flightless rail keep themselves out of sight concealed in jungle camouflage though almost supernaturally large black and white  gomadara  tree nymph  butterflies flutter above the path. ",Japan
" Roads deeper into the peninsula rise into more forest one unsurfaced lane ending at the grassy forecourt of Ai Kaze an aizome  indigo dye  workshop whose name translates to Indigo Wind.  I had visited before and had been surprised to see textile maker Masanao Shiroma pour a bottle of awamori Okinawa s signature liquor into the dyeing vat a means it was explained to fasten the blue into the material before it is wind dried on a line outside. This repeat visit is spurred by the memory of its cafe where a strong local brew is served at handmade wooden tables and chairs on a deck that is cantilevered over the garden and surrounding forest. ",Japan
" Nearby Nakijin is an attractive village its midday torpor inductive to either eating or for those so inclined sleeping. Erected on an isolated eminence its northern parts facing the ocean and with a precipitous drop along its eastern edge into a gorge the site for Nakijin Castle was surely chosen not merely for its defensive features but also for drama. ",Japan
" The masonry here is cruder than the limestone work seen in castles in southern Okinawa but the site lines that now constitute its main walls and the remains of an ancient keep hint at well developed engineering skills. The foundations of residences used by retainers a garden area and fresh spring form a well managed enclosure. There are also visible traces of prayer sites once used by priestesses to conduct prayers and rituals. ",Japan
" Following Route 115 in a southerly direction connecting with Route 84 the main coastal road leads to what is without question the peninsula s main draw  the Okinawa Churaumi Aquarium. Tanks and outdoor pools form a veritable marine kingdom of reef manta rays  flame snappers  graceful bull tiger and whale sharks  manatee  luminescent shrimp  and some of the most bizarre looking fish you will ever set eyes on. The whale sharks magnificent in their command of the water float in territorial splendor through the depths of the aquarium s humongous main tank whose acrylic front panel was once the largest in the world. ",Japan
" It s just a few minutes north from the aquarium to Bise a coastal village known for its sandy lanes lined with dense fukugi  evergreen  trees. Even on sunny days only filtered light makes it through the canopy of closely matted leaves  the trees are used throughout Okinawa as typhoon barriers. Snugly inside their arboreal quadrangles are traditional Okinawa houses crafted from stone tile and wood. Some 230 homes sit within an aural oasis where the buzz of cicadas rustle of leaves and the lap of the ocean are the sole sounds. ",Japan
" Few people visit the nearby village of Shinzato with its attractive but modest residencies and kitchen gardens. The evident lack of a center to the settlement made finding the new home of the highly regarded potter Paul Lorimer a trying business. When Lorimer who has lived in Okinawa for over 40 years went to view the property there was little to see the long abandoned structure covered in jungle vines. ",Japan
" Then his first task was to dig out a termite nest from one of the rooms. It s a very different residence today with polished floors antique cabinets a gallery where he exhibits his earthy stoneware jars vases plates incense burners and flagons and a long garden facing deck hand built like the brick kiln at the rear of the property by Lorimer himself. ",Japan
" Much of his work involves producing unglazed storage jars for awamori an Okinawa liquor made from indica rice imported from Thailand. A good deal of floor space in Lorimer s main room is taken up with rows of liquor casks and the native New Zealander turns out to be quite a specialist on the subject. ",Japan
" Intrigued by the reaction that takes place between aging awamori and the chemical elements of clay jars   such as manganese calcium and magnesium   and their effect on taste depth and aroma Lorimer has placed the liquor into containers of differing mineral characters in what is an ongoing experiment. Lorimer steers me through a range of older liquors to demonstrate the difference  Clay matured awamori in contrast to younger bottled varieties has the effect of mollifying and teasing the palate rather than biting into it. ",Japan
" Lorimer s lifestyle and work and the material environs he has created to compliment them suggest at least to the casual guest an earthly Utopia. How many of us spellbound by the transcendent naturalism that is a feature of Henry David Thoreau s book Walden  or poet Janet Frame s account of her stay in the once Elysium like Balearic Islands have dreamed of withdrawing to a rural idyll like this  Such are the thoughts occupying me as I drive back to my minshuku  guest house  reaching the west coast of the peninsula as twilight fades. ",Japan
" Darkness swallows up the sun but not the heat or the unholy downpour that soaks me to the skin. The clouds above are pierced by bolts of lightning and the ocean is lit up to phantasmagoric effect. As the thunder recedes the lashing rain turns to sputtering squalls. The storm is spent. ",Japan
" There are regular buses from Okinawa s Naha Bus Terminal to the city of Nago. The bus service around the Motobu Peninsula is patchy and buses infrequent. To fully experience the area it is better to rent a car or scooter. ",Japan
" In line with COVID 19 guidelines the government is strongly requesting that residents and visitors exercise caution if they choose to visit bars restaurants music venues and other public spaces. ",Japan
" In a time of both misinformation and too much information quality journalism is more crucial than ever. By subscribing you can help us get the story right. ",Japan
" PHOTO GALLERY  CLICK TO ENLARGE  ",Japan
" KEYWORDS ",Japan
" With your current subscription plan you can comment on stories. However before writing your first comment please create a display name in the Profile section of your subscriber account page. ",Japan
" Your subscription plan doesn t allow commenting. To learn more see our FAQ ",Japan
" INFORMATION ",Japan
" PUSS N BOOTS ",Japan
" MOVIE ",Japan
" INFORMATION ",Japan
" Aired Mar. 18 1969 ",Japan
" STORY ",Japan
" This is a tale that happened a long time ago. Pero is a very clever and brave cat. One day he saves some mice and is driven out of the cats world. On a rainy day he takes shelter under the saves of a farmer s house where he becomes acquainted with a boy named Pierre. Pierre is the youngest of three brothers. After their father s death Pierre is driven out of the house by his gready brothers who are reluctant to divide the family fortune with him. Pero cheers up Pierre and they start on a journey together. They cross over fields and mountains across lakes and rivers and they at last arrive in a castle town where the king is searching for a husband for his princess. At a first glance Pierre is amoured with the princess. Pero makes up his mind to help Pierre and he plots various plans to enable Pierre to marry the princess. Many princes and knights come to the castle from various countries of the world. Suddenly a storm breaks out and the Devil King appears. The Devil King tries to curry favor with the princess by changing the castle into gold and changing the rooms of the palace into diamonds but the princess is terrified by him. At this the Devil King becomes angry and changes the castle into ruins and the King into a pig. He then flies away leaving word that he is coming back to take the princess away in three days on the night of the full moon. ",Japan
" To enjoy our content please include The Japan Times on your ad blocker s list of approved sites. ",Japan
" Nagoya Castle s 15 meter high wall getting first renovation in 300 years ",Japan
" Sorry but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you re not sure how to activate it please refer to this site  https   www.enable javascript.com  ",Japan
" NAGOYA   The ongoing renovation of ishigaki stone walls surrounding Nagoya Castle has gotten into full swing with a 123 meter stretch of the 15 meter high stone wall being removed so far. ",Japan
" In one of the country s largest such renovation projects and the first at Nagoya Castle in 300 years workers have so far discovered signatures engraved in the stones that identify lords who helped establish the fortifications. ",Japan
" Nagoya Castle including the surrounding stone wall is registered as a national special historic site. The stone wall was last restored around the end of the 17th century according to a 1682 document. ",Japan
" The renovation project began in 2004 starting with repairs to the stone wall surrounding the entrance barrier at the Karamete mon gate to Honmaru Palace the main castle building. ",Japan
" The soil behind the stone wall which absorbs rainwater has swollen after many years creating bulges. Without renovation sections are in danger of collapse. ",Japan
" All of the wall s 4000 flat stones or tsukiishi used on the surface as well as guri ishi cobblestones used near drainage systems will be removed and re sorted before they are put back in place. Stones with cracks will be replaced and the structure will be leveled out. ",Japan
" In a time of both misinformation and too much information quality journalism is more crucial than ever. By subscribing you can help us get the story right. ",Japan
" PHOTO GALLERY  CLICK TO ENLARGE  ",Japan
" KEYWORDS ",Japan
" With your current subscription plan you can comment on stories. However before writing your first comment please create a display name in the Profile section of your subscriber account page. ",Japan
" Your subscription plan doesn t allow commenting. To learn more see our FAQ ",Japan
" To enjoy our content please include The Japan Times on your ad blocker s list of approved sites. ",Japan
" Matsuo Taseko  A poet caught up in nationalist fervor ",Japan
" Sorry but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you re not sure how to activate it please refer to this site  https   www.enable javascript.com  ",Japan
" Nine swordsmen bent on vengeance stormed a Kyoto temple one winter day in 1863. They tied up the temple monks and beheaded their three victims. ",Japan
" The victims were statues. ",Japan
" The times were out of joint. The land of the gods  had been violated. Foreigners strode the sacred soil. The shogun in Edo  present day Tokyo  was helpless. Ten years had passed since American Black Ships  steamed into Edo Bay   demanding trade brandishing ultimatums dictating treaties. The shogun signed. He opened ports to foreign trade exempted foreigners from Japanese law. Was this not treason  ",Japan
" Medieval shoguns centuries earlier had seized power from Japan s legitimate ruler the divine emperor. The gods had long contained their anger. Now at last they were stirring. Yamatodamashii  Japanese spirit  flared in righteous Japanese breasts. Traitors   living and dead   must be cut down. ",Japan
" The 14th century Toji Temple was founded by shogun Ashikaga Takauji  1305 58 . A brilliant warrior and vigorous ruler he charted a new course for Japan. The Ashikaga Period that Takauji initiated  1336 1573 also known as the Muromachi Period  spawned arts commerce and diplomacy that permanently raised the level of Japanese culture. Noh drama tea ceremony deeper Zen wider trade with China the Temple of the Golden Pavilion the Temple of the Silver Pavilion   such in part is the Ashikaga legacy. ",Japan
" The nine swordsmen cared little for that. Other thoughts consumed them  Takauji s treacherous seizure of power from the emperor he d originally been enlisted to serve  his grandson Yoshimitsu s humiliating kowtowing to China for trade and the China conferred title King of Japan    wounds to the sacred body politic still throbbing half a millennium later in the souls of those who regarded themselves as the emperor s most fervent loyalists. ",Japan
" The statues of Takauji Yoshimitsu  1358 1408  and Ashikaga Yoshiakira  1330 67  were of wood. The zealots yanked off the three heads and took them to the bank of the Kamo River for public display   an encouragement to loyalists a warning to latter day traitors. A placard explained These three traitors having done the worst evil their vile statues have been visited with the vengeance of heaven.  ",Japan
" For 250 years Japan had been a closed country.  Foreigners were barbarians.  Foreign ideas were subversive. Foreign intentions were rapacious   look at China corrupted and dismembered by foreign aggressors. Foreigners and foreignness would not penetrate Japan. Its rulers would see to it. ",Japan
" But the Tokugawa shoguns  1603 1868  could not see to it. Russia Britain and the United States were expansionist powers hungry for trade if not conquest. Early exploratory incursions in the late 18th century exposed the weakness of Japan s coastal defenses. Barbarian guns would have their way. The Black Ships  appearance at Edo Bay in 1853 settled the issue  Japan was open. ",Japan
" Subversive currents of thought had long damned the Tokugawas as usurpers   traitors. Japan s true rulers were gods not men. The shogun ruling in Edo while the emperor languished impotently in Kyoto was sacrilege. Now the gods were reclaiming their own the foreigners their instruments. The rallying cry was Sonn  j i     Revere the emperor expel the barbarians   Unruly rioters and deadly swordsmen converged on Kyoto. Shogunal officials were cut down in broad daylight. It was chaos. ",Japan
" In the thick of things though hardly at the forefront was a remarkable woman a peasant poetess who burned with fervor to serve Japan s gods and emperor. She could not wield a sword and lamented her weak body of a useless woman.  She would wield her poetry instead. ",Japan
" Matsuo Taseko was born in 1811 in a village in the Ina Valley in today s Nagano Prefecture. The local economy was thriving. Historian Anne Walthall in The Weak Body of a Useless Woman  Matsuo Taseko and the Meiji Restoration  speaks of a rural industrious revolution  harbinger of the urban industrial one to come. Cottage industry not yet evolved into factory industry was slowly raising living standards. Taseko s father was a village headman and an entrepreneur. Farming aside he ran a ferry boat concession brewed and sold sake and lent money. He was literate and had a home library. Often he had to shoo his daughter out of it and back to her chores. She wasn t lazy   far from it   but bookishness is a passion not to be denied. If necessary she d skip meals to read. Female literacy at this time is estimated at 10 . Taseko was a very exceptional child indeed. ",Japan
" Nothing might have come of it. Peasant life could have consumed her. She married at 18 had 10 children labored in the fields raised silkworms   and wrote poetry. It was poetry that led her at age 51 to part from her family and travel mostly on foot to Kyoto on fire with nationalist ferment. She soared on wings she hadn t known she had  The scent of the plum   that perfumes the awesome reaches above the clouds  i.e. the imperial palace    now clings to the sleeve   of this base born commoner.  ",Japan
" Poetry and peasantry seem an odd coupling. Not so Walthall explains. Itinerant poets roamed the countryside. They found eager pupils. Poetry and politics merged. Taseko s teacher one Iwasaki Nagayo oriented her toward loyalism. He himself was a disciple of the nationalist thinker Hirata Atsutane  1776 1843  who d written This our glorious land is the land in which the gods have their origin and we are one and all the descendants of the gods.  ",Japan
" A poetry revolution preceded the political one. Both were restorations    politically of imperial rule poetically of verse forms harking back to pure Japanese Shinto simplicity unsullied by Buddhist and Confucian thought from China. Taseko under Nagayo s guidance reoriented her poetry accordingly. From now on  she wrote in 1861 I will follow the way of the gods.  ",Japan
" The following year she set out for Kyoto to add her poetry to the gathering storm. Caught at the mercy of the autumn winds  she wrote I resolved to visit the capital to fulfill my dreams.  ",Japan
" First of two parts on Matsuo Taseko and early Japanese nationalism. Michael Hoffman s latest book is Cipangu Golden Cipangu  Essays in Japanese History.  ",Japan
" In a time of both misinformation and too much information quality journalism is more crucial than ever. By subscribing you can help us get the story right. ",Japan
" PHOTO GALLERY  CLICK TO ENLARGE  ",Japan
" KEYWORDS ",Japan
" With your current subscription plan you can comment on stories. However before writing your first comment please create a display name in the Profile section of your subscriber account page. ",Japan
" Your subscription plan doesn t allow commenting. To learn more see our FAQ ",Japan
" Manuel Dietrich   Germany on Instagram  Riverside Kingdom    Germany   If you could build yourself a castle wherever you want where would it be    Note  this shot was entirely   ",Japan
" 23.4k Likes 547 Comments   Manuel Dietrich   Germany   manueldietrichphotography  on Instagram  Riverside Kingdom    Germany   If you could build yourself a castle wherever you want where would   ",Japan
" Germany   Deutschland on Instagram     Hochzollern Castle Photo   pierrebrauer Great      Have you ever visited this enchanting place   ",Japan
" 14.2k Likes 153 Comments   Germany   Deutschland   lifeofgermany  on Instagram     Hochzollern Castle Photo   pierrebrauer Great      Have you ever visited this enchanting place   ",Japan
" Fairy Pools Isle of Skye Scotland ",Japan
" Rent a Castle in Ireland   Castle in Waterford ",Japan
" LUXURY CASTLES IRELAND  Lismore Castle is located in the countryside of Waterford. Exclusive private castle rental is available for a magical experience. ",Japan
" Burg Eltz Eifel ",Japan
" Burg Eltz Castle overlooking the Moselle River between Koblenz and Trier Germany   photo  Tiensche on Flickr ",Japan
" Crimson Crags Cerro Torre Patagonia. ",Japan
" Cerro Torre one of the most spectacular peaks on earth catches the first pink rays of sunrise on a clear and cold morning in Patagonia. ",Japan
" Homes Made From Shipping Containers   Home DIY ",Japan
" Homes Made From Shipping Containers   Encouraged to be able to my own blog site on this occasion I am going to demonstrate regarding Homes Made From Shipping Containers . And today this is the very first picture. Think about picture previously mentioned  can be which amazing   . if you re more dedicated so I l t teach... ",Japan
" noordinaryhomes.com ",Japan
" Homes Made From Shipping Containers   Home DIY ",Japan
" Homes Made From Shipping Containers   Encouraged to be able to my own blog site on this occasion I am going to demonstrate regarding Homes Made From Shipping Containers . And today this is the very first picture. Think about picture previously mentioned  can be which amazing   . if you re more dedicated so I l t teach... ",Japan
" noordinaryhomes.com   noordinaryhomes Resources and Information. ",Japan
" noordinaryhomes.com is your first and best source for all of the information you re looking for. From general topics to more of what you would expect to find here noordinaryhomes.com has it all. We hope you find what you are searching for  ",Japan
" To enjoy our content please include The Japan Times on your ad blocker s list of approved sites. ",Japan
" Rediscovering lost Tokyo ",Japan
" People who have lived in the capital for more than a few years generally claim to know Tokyo pretty well. We discover a forgotten side to the city that suggests they may not know it quite as well as they think ",Japan
" Sorry but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you re not sure how to activate it please refer to this site  https   www.enable javascript.com  ",Japan
" If woodblock prints are to be believed the metropolis was once awash in greens and blues. Reedy riverbanks grassy hillocks and marshes draped with willows all feature in One Hundred Famous Views of Edo  the 19th century series of woodblock prints of the capital  then called Edo  by master artist Utagawa Hiroshige. Above all are the waterways wide rivers and narrow canals colored a deep Prussian blue crisscrossed by gently arching wooden bridges. Boats   cargo boats piled high with barrels and steered by stooped men in sampans  pleasure boats their blinds drawn on the courtesans and patrons within   make their way up and down these causeways. One hundred and fifty years ago Tokyo at least from the right angles looked downright romantic. So the question is  What happened  ",Japan
" I m standing with Norihisa Minagawa at the entrance to a sh tengai a shopping street the likes of which can be found in neighborhoods all over Japan. This one happens to be in the Wakaba district of Shinjuku Ward. Like most sh tengai it contains the smallest of small businesses including a broom closet sized electronics store manned by an elderly man wearing a baseball cap and watching television. The street is narrow and oddly crooked. With its faded signs it looks inconsequential. But it isn t  it s a clue. Stick with me we re going for a walk. ",Japan
" Minagawa is an architect by trade. He is also the founder along with his colleague Hajime Ishikawa of the amusingly named Suribachi Gakkai  Mortar Society  a loose collective of amateur historians and machi aruki  city walking  enthusiasts. They re part of a long tradition of urban explorers that in Japan would include anyone from the sentimental early 20th century novelist Nagai Kafu to the scholar Hidenobu Jinnai author of the excellent Tokyo  A Spatial Anthology  to the Street Observation Studies Society of the 1980s whose particular mania were the uncanny oddities that Tokyo is apt at producing  decorative stairways to nowhere for example . For them and for Minagawa walking is the key to understanding Tokyo it s particular Tokyo ness and how it got to be that way. ",Japan
" People know that there are a lot of hills  in Tokyo . But people don t really walk they take the subway. So you come out of the subway and you don t know what s beyond the hill. But if you walk around on the surface you can really see the unevenness  Minagawa says. ",Japan
" Suribachi Gakkai s singular focus is Tokyo s natural topography. With a far from ironic seriousness they spend weekend afternoons charting the city s hills and valleys. It s an endeavor that involves some serious legwork as Tokyo which I have quickly come to understand has a lot of literal ups and downs. ",Japan
" Geographically Tokyo is often divided into shitamachi the lowlands of the east side of the city and yamanote the highlands to the west. Historically during the feudal Edo Period  1603 1868  yamanote was the district where the lords had their villas. Meanwhile shitamachi was the district of the common people. If you look at a topographical map of Tokyo you can see that the divide falls on a fairly straight line drawn from Ueno to Meguro where the Musashino Plateau gives way to the Sumida River delta. The Imperial Palace on the grounds of what used to be Edo Castle sits just on the edge of the highlands with a commanding view over the lowlands and Tokyo Bay. ",Japan
" Yet a closer look at the topography of the yamanote turns up a more complicated picture  The yamanote itself is perforated by rivers that run toward the bay and rivulets that end in swamps and pools. The result is an undulating unevenness a series of hills and valleys. It s a topography that sets Tokyo apart from other Japanese cities and most cities in general. ",Japan
" Tokyo is surrounded by volcanoes like Mount Fuji and Mount Hakone  the Gunma native says. When they erupted in the past they spread ash all over the region and as a result Tokyo s topsoil comprises about 20 meters deep of ash. When you combine this with the East Asian monsoons   Tokyo gets a lot of rain   you get these depressions. It s strange  the highlands are flat and then there are all these valleys that look like they ve been carved out with a spoon.  ",Japan
" Minagawa also likens these valleys to the divots on a grinding stone as if some ancient race of giants had once used the Musashino Plateau to grind their flour   hence the name Mortar Society.  ",Japan
" The day I meet Minagawa he is leading a group of 20 or so members of the NHK culture club   a sprawling organization that offers courses and seminars on diverse themes   around the eastern side of Shinjuku Ward from Shinanomachi Station to Akebonobashi Station. ",Japan
" This wasn t an official outing of the Suribachi Gakkai more like a lesson for the uninitiated on reading Tokyo like a palimpsest.  Or a neighborhood stroll with that friend who knows all the best detours and the stories they hold . Minagawa hands out photocopies of maps of our route one each from the Edo Meiji  1868 1912  and present eras. ",Japan
" Looking very much the student of the streets that he is   wearing jeans a windbreaker and sneakers and carrying a canvas satchel bag   Minagawa sets a quick pace. He leads the group southeast along Gaien Higashi Boulevard which runs along the forested grounds of the Meiji Gaien complex with its sports stadiums and halls. This is followed by an abrupt hairpin turn to the left and a steep descent. Unlike the broad regal sweep of the boulevard which was now several meters above our heads the roads in the valley below are narrow and tightly woven. We d left behind establishment Tokyo for a residential quarter a warren of two story wood framed homes awash in potted plants and airing laundry. ",Japan
" Tokyo seems to be this city of new buildings but in these valleys there are buildings that have been there since I was a child. I feel at home  says Minagawa who was born in 1963. ",Japan
" One thing about Tokyo that is interesting is that the natural topography remains. Tokyo became a city in the Edo Period about 400 years ago. Back then there were no bulldozers  everything was done by manpower  he says. Now the valleys would just be filled in the landscape would be changed. But 400 years ago the city had to be built to fit the topography. And such development remains today.  ",Japan
" So while the feudal lords built their villas high on the hills of the yamanote ordinary people filled in the river valleys in between. It was a natural arrangement  the run off from the rivers created ideal conditions for paddy farming. This explains why you can find pockets of what look like quintessential shitamachi   the two story wooden houses and narrow shopping streets   on the yamanote side of town. ",Japan
" The bones of the city were set in the Edo Period  Minagawa says. What used to be a feudal villa now still belongs to the kachi gumi society s winners  the government embassies universities and hospitals. The area with fields has always been for the ordinary people.  ",Japan
" We wind our way past a park Wakaba koen one of Tokyo s many sad asphalt slabs with just a smattering of benches and a plastic slide. According to Minagawa a park in Tokyo usually means one of two things. If it is a landscaped park with a pond  such as Arisugawa Park in Hiroo  it was likely once part of a feudal era villa.  Ponds it seems were a must for any lord worthy of his preferential plot of land . If it s paved like this one it was probably once a swamp. ",Japan
" Eventually we reach that sh tengai. ",Japan
" This used to be a river  Minagawa says pointing to the street s curiously meandering path. ",Japan
" Or rather it likely still is a river   one that now flows underground. During the heady days of postwar reconstruction leading up to the 1964 Tokyo Summer Olympics many of the city s waterways were diverted underground and their paths paved over. In 1960s Tokyo there was nothing so romantic as progress. ",Japan
" Lots of foreign visitors were expected for the Olympics. The rivers back then were dirty full of sewage so not good from a sanitation perspective  Minagawa says. Also they stank.  ",Japan
" So this is what happened to the rivers all but invisible unless you know what to look for  a winding street faint echoes of running water under a storm drain and addresses that include kawa the Japanese word for river. ",Japan
" If you imagine that the road you are walking on used to be a river that s kind of exciting right   Minagawa asks. ",Japan
" Yet how many Tokyoites are aware of the rivers they cross every day   A quick survey of friends suggests not so many.  The Wakaba sh tengai is but one example and many other sh tengai were also once rivers. Shibuya s main drag Center Gai and Harajuku s Cat Street are other examples. The rivers that run under each the Uda River and the Shibuya River converge under Shibuya s famous scramble crossing. It makes sense when you think about it  whenever heavy rain falls on the capital domestic TV stations send their camera crews to Shibuya for footage of taxis sloshing through flooded streets. ",Japan
" What is perhaps most fascinating about this secret underground life of the city is that it still seems to be just that   a secret. And in just a generation or two the collective memory of the city will be erased. What defining elements of Tokyo will be completely forgotten in 50 years  ",Japan
" As much as Tokyo is a city of hills and valleys it is also a city of progress and engineering. The poor Edo era souls who dug the Kanda aqueduct the deep gash that you see when you take the Chuo Line past Ochanomizu may not have had bulldozers but they dug it just the same. And bulldozers eventually came anyway. So did concrete which settled over the city like another layer of ash. Increasingly it s not just the rivers but whole valleys that are getting paved over  Roppongi Hills is the classic example of a divot  that has recently been filled in. From a land distribution point of view it s a waste to have these small houses in the middle of Tokyo. Minato Ward is the liveliest area in Tokyo so it is naturally attractive to developers. In the place of a two story building you could put up a 10 story or 20 story one  says Minagawa who tries hard to be an objective observer though he admits he doesn t always succeed. ",Japan
" I hope at least some of these places with a real sense of Tokyo   a sense of history   will remain and not become just more of the same developments that could be  located  anywhere  he says. ",Japan
" Our end goal is Arakicho a particularly mazelike district stretching between Yotsuya Sanchome Station and Akebonobashi Station. Here the alleyways are paved in stone and crosshatched with telephone lines. On either side there are low rise buildings housing tiny eight seater bars and restaurants. The look is of Tokyo 50 years past. It s perfectly representative of those pockets of the old city wedged among the new. Arakicho once a Meiji Era pleasure district and now a fashionable place to eat and drink is also representative of Tokyoites  mixed feelings about the drumbeat of development. During the day it s a ghost town save for the odd bar proprietress in plastic slippers watering her plants. Come evening however when the backlit signs and paper lanterns glow and there is the click of heels on stone   ",Japan
" Some might even call it   romantic. ",Japan
" Norihisa Minagawa will talk at Suribachi Night 2 on Saturday July 26 at Tokyo Culture Culture inside Zepp Tokyo. For more information visit tcc.nifty.com cs catalog tcc schedule 1.htm. His book Tokyo Suribachi Chikei Sanpo   Yosensha  2200  in Japanese  with color photos and maps throughout lays out 15 walking tours including the one described in this article. ",Japan
" If you re curious where you stand   with the winners or the common folk or even if you re just interested in the history of your local park   there is a fantastic smartphone app Tokyo Jisou Maps that allows you to see your present location on maps from various time periods. ",Japan
" In a time of both misinformation and too much information quality journalism is more crucial than ever. By subscribing you can help us get the story right. ",Japan
" PHOTO GALLERY  CLICK TO ENLARGE  ",Japan
" KEYWORDS ",Japan
" With your current subscription plan you can comment on stories. However before writing your first comment please create a display name in the Profile section of your subscriber account page. ",Japan
" Your subscription plan doesn t allow commenting. To learn more see our FAQ ",Japan
" To enjoy our content please include The Japan Times on your ad blocker s list of approved sites. ",Japan
" Typhoon Jebi most powerful to hit Japan in 25 years leaves trail of destruction in Kansai region ",Japan
" Sorry but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you re not sure how to activate it please refer to this site  https   www.enable javascript.com  ",Japan
" Typhoon Jebi   the most powerful typhoon to hit Japan in 25 years   slammed into the western part of the country on Tuesday killing at least seven and injuring more than 200 disrupting transportation heavily damaging the bridge that leads to Kansai International Airport and leading authorities to call for evacuations of areas in its path. ",Japan
" The Meteorological Agency warned of heavy rains strong winds and mudslides across the western and northeastern regions of the country as the typhoon first made landfall in the southern part of Tokushima Prefecture around noon. The storm made landfall again around 2 p.m. near Kobe. ",Japan
" As of 10 p.m. Tuesday Jebi was traveling north northeast over the Sea of Japan north of Niigata Prefecture at a speed of 70 kilometers per hour and with an atmospheric pressure of 975 hectopascals at its center. ",Japan
" In Higashiomi Shiga Prefecture one man was killed when a company storage facility collapsed amid strong winds. Powerful gusts in the prefecture also tipped over several trucks on the Meishin Expressway. ",Japan
" Another man died after falling from the second floor of his home in Sakai Osaka Prefecture. ",Japan
" RELATED STORIES ",Japan
" Near Kansai International Airport strong winds swept away a tanker berthed in Osaka Bay slamming it into the sole bridge that connects the airport to the mainland and taking a large chunk out of the bridge. ",Japan
" None of the 11 crew members were injured the regional coast guard headquarters said. Heavy flooding prompted the Transport Ministry to close down the entire airport which is built on reclaimed land. ",Japan
" According to the airport operators 5000 were stranded at the facility as of 10 30 p.m. Tuesday. Flight operations may resume Wednesday evening at the earliest the operator said. ",Japan
" All Nippon Airways canceled more than 320 domestic and international flights and Japan Airlines more than 270 flights on Tuesday affecting around 57000 passengers in total. ",Japan
" Power was out at 1.61 million houses in Fukui Shiga Kyoto Osaka Hyogo Nara and Wakayama Prefectures on Tuesday in addition to 95000 houses in the Shikoku region. ",Japan
" In Kyoto some people were injured after the ceiling at Kyoto Station partially collapsed according to local police. ",Japan
" Dramatic footage taken by a bystander also showed parts of the roof of the newly remodeled Hotel Hewitt Koshien   near Koshien Station in Nishinomiya Hyogo Prefecture   blowing off and into an electricity poll amid strong winds from the typhoon. The hotel is adjacent to the iconic Koshien Stadium. ",Japan
" In the city of Osaka Tatsuki Okada a desk manager at the Hyatt Regency Osaka said he was urging visitors to take precautions amid the storm. ",Japan
" The winds are quite strong and we re advising our customers and guests not to get too close to glass windows and walls  he said. ",Japan
" Meanwhile more than 330000 homes in the Kinki and Shikoku regions suffered power outages. ",Japan
" Evacuation orders were earlier issued in some areas of Osaka Kyoto Nara Hyogo Kagawa Ehime and Wakayama prefectures. In Japan evacuation orders are not mandatory and people often stay at home only to be trapped by rapidly rising water or sudden landslides. ",Japan
" Top government spokesman Yoshihide Suga had encouraged the public to evacuate early  and said at a news conference Tuesday morning that the government will take all possible means  to prepare for a possible crisis. ",Japan
" Prime Minister Shinzo Abe who has been traveling across the country in an attempt to secure support for his bid for the ruling Liberal Democratic Party s presidential election later this month canceled his trip to the Kyushu region to deal with the typhoon. ",Japan
" Abe had faced criticism over his initial response to heavy rain that pounded western Japan in July given that he and some other ministers were found to have been drinking at a gathering of LDP lawmakers in Tokyo as the situation became increasingly grim. ",Japan
" Japan has been hit by a succession of typhoons and disasters related to heavy rain including massive flooding and landslides that left more than 220 people dead in July. ",Japan
" The Meteorological Agency had projected that Typhoon Jebi would move northward along the Tohoku region s Sea of Japan coast weakening to an extratropical cyclone by Wednesday morning. ",Japan
" In Tokushima Prefecture wind and rain strengthened after it made landfall. A 67 year old man in the town of Itano hit his back after falling over while trying to cover the roof of his house with a sheet. Another man in his 60s fell two meters into a rice paddy in the city of Mima. ",Japan
" Bracing for Jebi domestic airlines have played it safe canceling hundreds of local and international flights mainly scheduled to depart and arrive in airports in western and central Japan. ",Japan
" Railway operators also halted some services including on the Tokaido Shinkansen and Sanyo Shinkansen lines. Some expressway sections were also expected to be closed off. ",Japan
" Many bullet train passengers bound for the Kansai area were stranded on halted trains. Among them was Indonesian national Justin Setiawan 25 and his family who were on their way to Osaka aboard the Nozomi 29 train for a vacation. ",Japan
" We have been stuck approximately 3.5 hours  he said in an email sent to The Japan Times. ",Japan
" Setiawan said that despite the scenario the passengers remained quite calm but that all the food and bottled water onboard had already run out. ",Japan
" Setiawan also was sanguine about the events. ",Japan
" Fortunately I booked everything in advance and once we arrive our plan is just to take a walk around Osaka  Umeda Area  near our hotel  he wrote. So that is still in place providing we reach there  the hotel  before late night   although I ve heard everything in Osaka  stores and places to eat  are all closed.  ",Japan
" Hiroki Nakaya a 21 year old university student who was traveling to the Kansai region from Kanagawa Prefecture said at Osaka Station that the storm had prompted him to consider changing his travel plans. ",Japan
" I heard on the news that JR lines would stop. I was planning to go to Kyoto but I m not yet able to make up my mind  he said. ",Japan
" Department stores and popular tourist attractions in western Japan including Osaka and Kyoto prefectures also fell victim to the typhoon with many closing for the day. ",Japan
" USJ Co. the operator of Universal Studios Japan in Osaka closed its park and few people were seen in the usually bustling surrounding areas. ",Japan
" The typhoon also affected factory operations including Suntory Holdings Ltd. s Yamazaki Distillery in Shimamoto Osaka Prefecture. ",Japan
" In Kyoto the Kyoto City Zoo the Kyoto Aquarium and Nijo Castle were closed. ",Japan
" We re not sure yet if we ll be open on Wednesday. It depends on the typhoon. But for the safety of our visitors we decided to close today  Hiromi Kamiguchi a spokeswoman for Nijo Castle a UNESCO world heritage site said Tuesday morning. ",Japan
" Also Tuesday the Imperial Household Agency said it was not accepting visits to the Kyoto Imperial Palace and other Imperial facilities in the city due to bad weather. ",Japan
" In the 24 hour period through 6 a.m. on Wednesday up to 500 mm of rain was projected to fall in central Japan and up to 400 mm in the country s west. ",Japan
" In a time of both misinformation and too much information quality journalism is more crucial than ever. By subscribing you can help us get the story right. ",Japan
" PHOTO GALLERY  CLICK TO ENLARGE  ",Japan
" KEYWORDS ",Japan
" With your current subscription plan you can comment on stories. However before writing your first comment please create a display name in the Profile section of your subscriber account page. ",Japan
" Your subscription plan doesn t allow commenting. To learn more see our FAQ ",Japan
" Synopsis ",Japan
" Act I ",Japan
" The young Prince is suffocating in the atmosphere of the Royal Court. He hates the palace he cannot stand the rigors of etiquette the courtiers  hypocrisy and base flattery. ",Japan
" Act II ",Japan
" When Prince Siegfried was hunting on the lake shore he met girl swans among whom was Odette. Siegfried and Odette fell in love with each other. Siegfried swears he will be faithful to her all his life and will save her and her friends from the wicked magician s evil spell. ",Japan
" Act III ",Japan
" Siegfried s mother throws a ball in her castle at which the prince will have to choose a bride. But he is in love with Odette and refuses to make a choice. At that time the wicked magician disguised as Knight Rothbart appears in the castle. With him is his daughter Odile who looks exactly like Odette. Deceived by this likeness Siegfried chooses Odile as his bride. The magician is triumphant. ",Japan
" Act IV ",Japan
" When the prince realizes the mistake he made he hurries to the shore of the lake. He pleads Odette to forgive him but Odette leaves him. The oath of faithfulness has been violated by Siegfried and Odette cannot get rid of the magician s spell. ",Japan
" The wicked sorcerer decides to kill Siegfried. A terrible storm starts and the lake floods the shore. Odette sees that the prince is threatened by death. She rushes to save him even at the risk of her own life. ",Japan
" Odette and Siegfried triumph the wicked magician dies the storm abates. And the white swan becomes the girl Odette. ",Japan
" photos  Kiyonori Hasegawa ",Japan
" What is Vladimir Burmeister s Version of Swan Lake  ",Japan
" Vladimir Burmeister was a soviet dancer choreographer and ballet master. He is best remembered for his 1953 production of Swan Lake which restored Tchaikovsky s music to its original order. One of the major revisions was that he reinterpreted all the national dances in Act III as part of the evil Rothbart s spell which greatly heightened the dramatic impact of the scene. ",Japan
" In 1960 the Paris Opera presented this version for its premiere of Swan Lake. It is also an important part of the repertoire of La Scala Theatre Ballet in Milan. ",Japan
" The World s Coolest Castles ",Japan
" Cinderella Castle Suite Tour   Photos   Disney Tourist Blog ",Japan
" This photo tour showcases our visits to the Cinderella Castle Suite in Magic Kingdom the most exclusive hotel room at Walt Disney World and a popular spot for celebrities and what used to be an exclusive prize for promotional giveaway winners.  Updated January 11 2021.  Recently there has been renewed interest in the Cinderella Castle Suite thanks   ",Japan
" Tempus fugit  50 of the most magical and beautiful castles of the world   Blog of Francesco Mugnai ",Japan
" 45 incredible castles  and magical surroundings  around the world. Love all of this places    ",Japan
" The 25 Coolest Castles ",Japan
" From Gothic to Renaissance England to Romania Hogwarts to Assassin s Creed  these castles are undoubtedly the illest. ",Japan
" travelholic.co ",Japan
" While many may consider travel to be either a luxury or nuisance as bonafide Travelholics we know better. We know that experiencing new foods and faces new cities and cultures can be the secret sauce to living a ",Japan
" Germany Tourism   Places to Visit in Germany  TripHobo ",Japan
" Top 10 Most Fascinating Castles   Top Inspired ",Japan
" Castle Grimaldi   Cote d Azur France Source Lichtenstein Castle Germany Castle of the Templars PonferradaCastilla and Le n Bojnice City Slovakia Cliff Castle Ruins Germany Two Towers at Blarney Castle Cork Ireland Trakai Island Castle on Lake Galve Lithuania Eilean Donan Castle Glamis Castle Angus Scotland Source Neuschwanstein castle ",Japan
" HugeDomains.com ",Japan
" 1  Ross Castle near Killarney Co. Kerry Ireland 2  Whittington Castle in Shropshire England 3  Hunyad Castle Transylvania Romania 4  Bojnick  z mok a medieval castle in Bojnice Slovakia. 5  Schwerin Castle   Mecklenburg Vorpommern Germany 6  Mont St. Michel France 7  ",Japan
" St Michael s Mount ",Japan
" St Michael s Mount is a striking and imposing castle perched high on an island just off the coast of Marazion in Cornwall. At low tide it s possible to walk across a stone causeway to the... ",Japan
" Five Of The World s Most Incredible Castles ",Japan
" The Swallow s Nest Castle lies perched atop the Aurora Cliff located in the Crimean peninsula in southern Ukraine   ",Japan
" 7 Real Life Fairytale Castles ",Japan
" Many of our Disneyfied visions of fairy tale castles are modeled on real medieval castles in Europe. ",Japan
" 101 Most Beautiful Places To Visit Before You Die   Part III  ",Japan
" Waterfall Castle in Poland. This looks like something out of a fairy tale  Want to visit here  ",Japan
" Top 10 Most Fascinating Castles   Top Inspired ",Japan
" Castle Grimaldi   Cote d Azur France Source Lichtenstein Castle Germany Castle of the Templars PonferradaCastilla and Le n Bojnice City Slovakia Cliff Castle Ruins Germany Two Towers at Blarney Castle Cork Ireland Trakai Island Castle on Lake Galve Lithuania Eilean Donan Castle Glamis Castle Angus Scotland Source Neuschwanstein castle ",Japan
" The 10 Most Unbelievable Places That Really Exist ",Japan
" The world is full of mysteries magic and beautiful places that seem like they could only exist in our imagination or in books and movies. Believe it or not some of these places are actually real  ",Japan
" Utilizing Space Through Satellites Topics ",Japan
" Topics List ",Japan
" May 22 2020 Updated  HAYABUSA2 PROJECT  Messages from our members overseas ",Japan
" When the start of the second ion engine operation on May 12 was announced to Hayabusa2 project members overseas they showered the local team with messages  As the current situation with the novel coronavirus is creating difficult times worldwide we would like to share these encouraging replies that uplifted the team here in Japan. ",Japan
" Mar. 11 2020 Updated Global Extreme Heavy Rainfall and Drought detected by GSMaP   JAXA Climate Rainfall Watch website is now available  ",Japan
" JAXA has been addressing global precipitation related issues under the Global Precipitation Measurement  GPM  Mission by utilizing the 3D precipitation product Dual frequency Precipitation Radar  DPR  onboard GPM core observatory and multi satellite precipitation product Global Satellite Mapping of Precipitation  GSMaP . We are pleased to inform that the new website called JAXA Climate Rainfall Watch is now available which provides information about extreme heavy rainfall and drought over the world  Fig. 1 . You can easily monitor global extreme weather and climate by displaying accumulated rainfall in some temporal scale  daily pentad weekly 10 days and monthly  indices related to extreme heavy rainfall  percentiles   and drought  SPI   . A specified date after April 2000 can be selected. ",Japan
" Fig.1 Graphical User Interface of the JAXA Climate Rainfall Watch website  Monthly precipitation in February 2020  ",Japan
" Feb. 18 2020 Updated Massive bushfires in Australia seen from Space ",Japan
" Australia has naturally faced many droughts and bushfires but conditions have been unusually severe this time. Sometime around September 2019 the bushfires continuously occurred around the state of New South Wales in southeast Australia. The fires had been spreading on a larger scale and a number of massive fires had merged into a Mega Fire that was out of control. The fires are unlikely to end entirely even at the end of January 2020. ",Japan
" Figure 1  left  Standardized Precipitation Index  SPI  in Australia calculated by GSMaP precipitation amount in a month  December 2019   right SPI calculated by GSMaP precipitation amount in three months  October December 2019  in a same way. The relations between SPI value the range of drought and frequency of phenomenon were classified by WMO  2012 . In case SPI value becomes  1.5 to  1.99 it indicates the situation of Severe dryness which happens once in 20 years. In case SPI value becomes less than  2.0 it corresponds Extreme dryness which happens once in 50 years. These condition shows the possibility of severe drought occurrence which leads to a big social impact. ",Japan
" Dec. 6 2019 Updated GPM DPR observed Hot tower in Typhoon Kammuri which hit Philippines ",Japan
" JAXA has been addressing global precipitation related issues under the Global Precipitation Measurement  GPM  Mission by utilizing the 3D precipitation product Dual frequency Precipitation Radar  DPR  onboard GPM core observatory and multi satellite precipitation product Global Satellite Mapping of Precipitation  GSMaP . In this article we overview the case analysis for the Typhoon Kammuri which brought serious damages in Philippines in December 2019. The Manila Observatory issued and updated the reports regarding to the Typhoon Kammuri. GSMaP data were utilized as a source of information to capture the status of the typhoon activities. ",Japan
" Apr. 4 2019 Updated  HAYABUSA2 PROJECT  SCI  Small Carry on Impactor  Operation Schedule ",Japan
" The Small Carry on Impactor  SCI  operation will take place between April 3   6. This is an impact experiment to create an artificial crater in a designated area. ",Japan
" Mar. 28 2019 Updated  HAYABUSA2 PROJECT  Revised illustrations of Hayabusa2 ",Japan
" At the beginning of the Hayabusa2 Project realistic illustrations were drawn by Akihiro Ikeshita. These illustrations have now been revised to match the actual asteroid Ryugu. ",Japan
" Mar. 20 2019 Updated  HAYABUSA2 PROJECT  The Crater Search Operation  Pre SCI   CRA1 ",Japan
" Currently we have scheduled the small carry on impactor operation  SCI operation  for the first week in April. The purpose of the SCI operation is to create a crater on the surface of Ryugu and it is important to be able to compare the asteroid surface before and after the SCI operation. Before performing the SCI operation we therefore decided to observe the area where the crater is likely to be generated. This is the Crater Search Operation  Pre SCI   CRA1 . The same observational procedure will be performed after the SCI operation and denoted Crater Search Operation  Post SCI   CRA2 . ",Japan
" Mar. 1 2019 Updated New Dataset Release  GCOM C SGLI ",Japan
" JAXA GCOM C  Global Change Observation Mission   Climate SHIKISAI  satellite was launched on Dec. 23rd 2017 to conduct long term and continuous global observations in order to elucidate the global warming mechanisms related to fluctuations in radiation budget and or carbon cycles etc. The onboard sensor SGLI  Second Generation Global Imager  can observe 19 bands of radiations from near ultraviolet to thermal infrared region  380 nm 12  m  which yield various physical properties related to cloud water snow ice aerosol sea land vegetation biomass chlorophyll a and photosynthesis. The spatial resolution and swath of SGLI are 250m and greater than 1000 km respectively and the whole globe can be scanned approximately in every two days. SGLI can observe 15 Essential Climate Variables  ECV  such as cloud aerosols vegetation etc. and its data are expected to contribute to improve the projection accuracy of climate change and also to predict fishing grounds yellow sands red tides etc. ",Japan
" The released products can be downloaded via JAXA G Portal   https   gportal.jaxa.jp    Contact Point  JAXA G portal help desk  ",Japan
" 1. Events after the launch ",Japan
" The data was released as scheduled according to the following operations. December 23 2017Launch of GCOM C  SHIKISAI  January 1 2018 Obtained First Light images March 28 2018 Started initial calibration and validation operations December14 2018Completed initial calibration and validation operations ",Japan
" 2. The overview of Initial calibration and validation operations ",Japan
" To detect tiny climate change signals higher accuracy products are needed. JAXA performed calibration with GCOM C function using solar light internal lamps black body lunar light and others and compared  calibration and validation  GCOM C observation value with ground observation data acquired in cooperation with ground observation networks  Skynet AERONET and AsiaFlux  and collaborating research institutes  universities Meteorological Research Institute JAMSTEC and NOAA . As a result of the calibration JAXA confirmed that the accuracy of 29 types of products covering land atmosphere ocean and cryosphere is attained to start data utilization. ",Japan
" 3. GCOM C SGCLI Standard Products ",Japan
" Further information for the definition of the product and sample data is available at  ",Japan
" 1  Chlorophyll a Concentration ",Japan
" Global chlorophyll a concentration  average of October 2018  ",Japan
" 2  Aerosols ",Japan
" Polarization radiance at 867nm  average from August 11 to 20 2018  ",Japan
" 3  Global vegetation index  NDVI  ",Japan
" The image is a map of global normalized difference vegetation index  NDVI  derived from SGLI observation data acquired during January 1st to 9th 2018. NDVI becomes high at active vegetation with high density indicating the spatial distribution of vegetation on the global scale. ",Japan
" Feb. 25 2019 Updated  HAYABUSA2 PROJECT  Image from just after touchdown ",Japan
" From February 20 to 22 we conducted the touchdown operation  TD1 L8E1  of Hayabusa2 on the surface of asteroid Ryugu. Figure 1 shows an image taken with the Optical Navigation Camera   Wide angle  ONC W1  during the spacecraft ascent after touchdown. Figure 1 was captured roughly 1 minute after touchdown at an estimated altitude of about 25m  error is a few meter . The color of the region beneath the spacecraft s shadow differs from the surroundings and has been discolored by the touchdown. At the moment the reason for the discoloration is unknown but it may be due to the grit that was blown upwards by the spacecraft thrusters or bullet  projectile . ",Japan
" Figure 1  Image captured near the touchdown site immediately after touchdown. The photograph was taken with the Optical Navigation Camera   Wide angle  ONC W1  on February 22 2019 at an onboard time of around 07 30 JST.  Image credit  JAXA University of Tokyo Kochi University Rikkyo University Nagoya University Chiba Institute of Technology Meiji University University of Aizu AIST.  ",Japan
" Feb. 22 2019 Updated  HAYABUSA2 PROJECT  Thank you for your support  ",Japan
" The Hayabusa2 Project has received messages of support from so many people. The encouragement and enthusiasm from you all for the mission has made the entire project team fired up and enthusiastic  ",Japan
" Feb. 21 2019 Updated  HAYABUSA2 PROJECT  The touchdown site ",Japan
" Up until now the Hayabusa2 mission has progressed smoothly. One particular success was the landing of the small rovers on the surface of Ryugu which could not be achieved during the first Hayabusa mission. Now on February 22 2019 we plan to touchdown on the asteroid surface  another challenge that did not go as expected for Hayabusa. ",Japan
" Feb. 18 2019 Updated  HAYABUSA2 PROJECT  Shooting bullets into Ryugu  ",Japan
" On December 28  the last day of work in 2018  the sampler team conducted an important experiment. As a final test before touchdown  TD  the team fired an identical bullet to that onboard Hayabusa2 into a simulated soil of the surface of Ryugu to test how much sample would be ejected. ",Japan
" Feb. 4 2019 Updated  HAYABUSA2 PROJECT  Correction to the name of the MINERVA II1 landing site. ",Japan
" The landing site for the small exploration rovers MINERVA II1 was announced on December 13 2018 as Trinitas  but this will be corrected to Tritonis . ",Japan
" Jan. 21 2019 Updated  HAYABUSA2 PROJECT  Locations on the surface of Ryugu have been named  ",Japan
" Place names for locations on the surface of Ryugu were discussed by Division F  Planetary Systems and Bioastronomy  of the International Astronomical Union  IAU  Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature and approved in December 2018. We will introduce the place names and the background to their selection. ",Japan
" Jan. 19 2019 Updated RAPIS 1 Completion of Critical Operations Phase ",Japan
" JAXA received telemetry data from the Rapid Innovative Payload Demonstration Satellite 1  RAPIS 1  launched aboard the fourth Epsilon Launch Vehicle  Epilon 4  earlier at 9 50 a.m.  Japan Standard Time JST  January 18  2019 from the JAXA Uchinoura Space Center. The RAPIS 1 telemetry confirmed that the satellite s solar panels started generating electricity which is essential for the RAPIS 1 operation. The telemetry also shows communication with the satellite via ground stations proceeded well. This concludes the critical operations phase. ",Japan
" Jan. 18 2019 Updated Successfully of Epsilon 4 Launch With The Innovative Satellite Technology Demonstoration 1 Aboard ",Japan
" At 9 50 20 a.m.  Japan Standard Time  January 18 2019 JAXA launched Epsilon 4 the Fourth Epsilon launch vehicle With The Innovative Satellite Technology Demonstoration 1. ",Japan
" From the JAXA Uchinoura Space Center. The launch occurred on time. The launch and flight of Epsilon 4 took place normally. Approximately 51 minutes 55 seconds into the flight the separation of The Innovative Satellite Technology Demonstoration 1 proceeded with confirmation as successful. ",Japan
" Jan. 16 2019 Updated  HAYABUSA2 PROJECT  Mission Manager Yoshikawa selected for Nature s 10 in 2018 ",Japan
" Our Mission Manager Makoto Yoshikawa has been chosen by the science journal Nature as one of the ten people who mattered in science this year in The 2018 Nature s 10. ",Japan
" Jan. 16 2019 Updated The Innovative Satellite Technology Demonstoration 1 aboard Epsilon 4 launch time decided  Live broadcast from 9 25 a.m. on January 18  Fri.  ",Japan
" The launch time of the Epsilon 4 with the Innovative Satellite Technology Demonstoration 1 was set for 9 50 20 a.m. on January 18  Fri.  2019  Japan Standard Time.  ",Japan
" JAXA will broadcast a live launch report from the Uchinoura Space Center from 9 25 a.m. on the 18th. You can watch it through the Internet. Please have a look  ",Japan
" Jan. 15 2019 Updated The Innovative Satellite Technology Demonstoration 1 launch postponed to Jan. 17  Fri. JST  ",Japan
" The Innovative Satellite Technology Demonstoration 1 launch postponed to Jan. 18  Fri. JST  The launch date of the the Epsilon 4 with the Innovative Satellite Technology Demonstoration 1 has been postponed as unfavorable weather is forecasted. The launch was originally scheduled for January 17. The live broadcast of the launch will also be put off accordingly. ",Japan
" Dec. 25 2018 Updated  HAYABUSA2 PROJECT  Astrodynamics and the Gravity Measurement Descent Operation ",Japan
" Until now astrodynamics has been one of the less frequently reported operations for Hayabusa2. In space engineering the movement attitude trajectory and overall handling of the flight mechanics of the spacecraft is referred to as astrodynamics. For example astrodynamics played an active role in the gravity measurement descent operation in August 2018. While this was a short time ago let s look at a few of the details. ",Japan
" Dec. 25 2018 Updated  HAYABUSA2 PROJECT  Spacecraft orbit during solar conjunction ",Japan
" From late November 2018 until the end of December the solar conjunction operation is underway for Hayabusa2. Solar conjunction refers to the situation where the direction to the spacecraft almost overlaps with that to the Sun when viewed from the Earth. This is the same conjunction as in astronomy whereby planets and stars appear to line up on the sky. During this time communication with Hayabusa2 is disrupted due to radio waves emitted from the Sun and from its surrounding plasma. We therefore do not perform operations such as descending towards Ryugu during this period. ",Japan
" Dec. 13 2018 Updated  HAYABUSA2 PROJECT  Naming our MINERVA II1 rovers ",Japan
" On September 21 2018  JST  the two MINERVA II1 rovers  Rover 1A and Rover 1B  separated from the Hayabusa2 spacecraft to land on the surface of asteroid Ryugu where they successfully imaged and hopped across the asteroid surface autonomously. These two rovers have now been given names. ",Japan
" Rover 1A Horned owl from the French word      HIBOU  Highly Intelligent Bouncing Observation Unit ",Japan
" Rover 1B Owl from English      OWL  Observation unit with intelligent Wheel Locomotion ",Japan
" Nov. 1 2018 Updated Extention of the domain of JAXA Realtime Rainfall Watch  GSMaP NOW  ",Japan
" JAXA has operated the JAXA Realtime Rainfall Watch website and the product GSMaP NOW from November 2015 which provides realtime rainfall information within GEO satellite Himawari domain. On this occasion the domain of JAXA Realtime Rainfall Watch  GSMaP NOW  is extended to GEO satellite Meteosat domain  Fig. 1 . ",Japan
" Oct. 30 2018 Updated  HAYABUSA2 PROJECT  Small Monitor Camera captures  cool  images  ",Japan
" During the operation for Touchdown 1 Rehearsal 3  TD1 R3  we attempted to capture images using CAM H  small monitor camera  as the spacecraft approached the surface of Ryugu. CAM H was manufactured and installed on Hayabusa2 by donations received from the general public and it is attached near the lower edge of the side of the spacecraft. The camera can photograph the tip of the sampler horn but it can also capture the surrounding area and background. ",Japan
" Oct. 29 2018 Updated Successful Launch H IIA Launch Vehicle No. 40 Encapsulating IBUKI 2 GOSAT 2  and KhalifaSat ",Japan
" The H IIA Launch Vehicle No. 40 with the Greenhouse gases Observing SATellite 2 IBUKI 2 GOSAT 2  and KhalifaSat a remote sensing Earth observation satellite onboard lifted off at 13 08 00 p.m. on October 29 2018  Japan Standard Time  from the Tanegashima Space Center. The launch and flight of H IIA F40 proceeded as planned. So did the separation of GOSAT 2 and KhalifaSat which was confirmed respectively at approximately 16 minutes and 09 seconds and 24 minutes and 15 seconds after liftoff. ",Japan
" Oct. 27 2018 Updated IBUKI 2 GOSAT 2  H IIA F40 launch time decided  Live broadcast from 12 30 p.m. on October 29  Mon.  ",Japan
" The launch time of the H IIA Launch Vehicle No. 40 with the Greenhouse gases Observing SATellite 2IBUKI 2 GOSAT 2  was set for 1 08 00 p.m. on October 29  Mon.  2018  Japan Standard Time.  JAXA will broadcast a live launch report from the Tanegashima Space Center from 12 30 p.m. on the 29th. You can watch it through the Internet. Please have a look  ",Japan
" Oct. 26 2018 Updated  HAYABUSA2 PROJECT  The highest resolution image of Ryugu  resolution update   the highest resolution image to date  ",Japan
" The second touchdown rehearsal  TD1 R1 A  was performed from October 14 to 16. On October 15 just before 22 44 JST when the spacecraft reached a new low altitude of 22.3m we successfully photographed the surface of Ryugu using the Optical Navigation Camera   Telescopic  ONC T . This is the highest resolution image to date  Figure . ",Japan
" Figure  The surface of Ryugu photographed on October 15 at 22 40 JST using the Optical Navigation Camera   Telescopic  ONC T . The altitude here is about 42m.  Image credit  JAXA University of Tokyo Kochi University Rikkyo University Nagoya University Chiba Institute of Technology Meiji University University of Aizu AIST  ",Japan
" Oct. 20 2018 Updated MIO En Route to Mercury ",Japan
" BepiColombo mission successfully took off at 10 45 28 am October 20 in Japan Time 2018. From the Guiana Space Center in French Guiana the ESA s Mercury Planetary Orbiter  MPO  and JAXA s MIO Mercury Magnetospheric Orbiter were launched aboard the Ariane 5 rocket at 10 45 28 pm in local time 2018. ",Japan
" The launch and flight went well   26 minutes and 47 seconds into launch as planned both orbiters were deployed. BepiColombo has entered its 7 year long voyage to Mercury. It places MPO and MIO in the orbits around the planet embodying the world s first mission to send two spacecraft to monitor Mercury. As the spacecraft approaches Mercury the electric propulsion module completes its job and is shed. MPO and MIO are then put into the orbits. MIO first followed by MPO. Both are tasked to do scientific observations of the planet and the environment. ",Japan
" Oct. 19 2018 Updated BepiColombo Live Launch Coverage Starts at 10 AM Saturday October 20 ",Japan
" MPO Mercury Planetary Orbiter developed by the ESA European Space Agency and MIO JAXA s Mercury Magnetospheric Orbiter will launch onboard Ariane 5 rocket at 10 45 28 am October 20 in Japan Time.  10 45 28 pm in local French Guiana Time  YouTube JAXA Channel Starting from 10 am JAXA will cover the launch live from Guiana Space Centre European Spaceport in Kourou. Live streaming is available of late night footage from the Kourou spaceport. Time of Launch Coverage  10 am   noon Japan Time Scheduled Time of Launch  10 45 28 am Saturday October 20 Japan Time  10 45 28 pm Friday October 19 local French Guiana Time  Location  Guiana Space Centre European Spaceport in Kourou  Note that the launch schedule and the time of live coverage are subject to change due to mission status updates. ",Japan
" Oct. 15 2018 Updated Sample Data of GCOM C Standard Product Available on G Portal ",Japan
" Launched on December 23 2017 from the JAXA Tanegashima Space Center Global Change Observation Mission   Climate  GCOM C  entered and completed its in orbit checkout phase during which the science instruments and satellite systems are evaluated. The in orbit checkout mission was through by March 2018 ensuring the product verification. The sample data of the GCOM C standard product is now available on JAXA s global portal system.  G Portal  The data is yet to be validated so the physical quantities are in the process of refining. The GCOM C data product will be released in December 2018. ",Japan
" Aug. 28 2018 Updated Launch schedule set for Greenhouse gases Observing SATellite 2IBUKI 2 GOSAT 2    ",Japan
" The launch schedule of the H IIA Launch Vehicle No.40 with JAXA s Second Greenhouse gases Observing SATellite 2IBUKI 2 GOSAT 2  has been decided 1 08 p.m. through 1 20 p.m. on October 29  Mon.  2018  Japan Standard Time . The launch will be performed by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and JAXA. ",Japan
" Jul. 25 2018 Updated Imaging Ryugu from an altitude of 6km ",Japan
" Hayabusa2 arrived at asteroid Ryugu on June 27 after which the spacecraft remained at a distance of about 20km  the Home Position  to continue to observe the asteroid. During this time the spacecraft was maintaining a hovering altitude of 20km above the asteroid surface. In the week of July 16 operations were begun to lower this hovering altitude eventually bringing the spacecraft to less than 6km from the asteroid surface. One of the images taken at that time is shown in Figure 1. ",Japan
" Figure 1  Asteroid Ryugu from an altitude of 6km. Image was captured with the Optical Navigation Camera   Telescopic  ONC T  on July 20 2018 at around 16 00 JST. Image credit    JAXA University of Tokyo Kochi University Rikkyo University Nagoya University Chiba Institute of Technology Meiji University University of Aizu AIST. ",Japan
"  Please use the displayed credit when reproducing these images. In the case where an abbreviated form is necessary please write JAXA University of Tokyo   collaborators. ",Japan
" Jul. 17 2018 Updated Bremen Town Hall Exhibits Hayabusa2 and Mascot July 10 to October 14 ",Japan
" The Bremen City Hall Bremen Germany houses on exhibit the JAXA asteroid explorer Hayabusa2 and MASCOT the onboard lander MASCOT developed by DLR  Deutsches Zentrum f r Luft  und Raumfahrt English  The German Aerospace Center  and CNES  The Centre National d Etudes Spatiales English  French National Centre for Space Studies . The City Hall UNESCO World Heritage Site accommodates the exhibits July 10 through October 14. Home to thriving space and science researches the city will hold the IAC  International Astronautical Congress  the world s biggest space conference this October. DLR and private space businesses are teaming up for the country s robust space industry. Please visit the exhibit amid the richness of the history that the architecture offers. ",Japan
" At 9 35 am Japan Time June 27 Hayabusa2 rendezvoused with Ryugu the target asteroid. Keeping its 20 kilometer distance away from the asteroid or its home position Hayabusa2 is being confirmed of its function that performs future operations. MASCOT will land on the asteroid around October this year for observations of the surface using four instruments. ",Japan
" Jul. 6 2018 Updated Bronze Lion to Future Cuisine Restaurant Ibuki in 65th Cannes PR Lions ",Japan
" Slated for launch in Japanese fiscal 2018 JAXA s GOSAT 2 Greenhouse Gases Observing Satellite  later renamed Ibuki is designed to accurately measure carbon dioxide and methane concentrations. This high resolution satellite data is expected to offer consistent information that helps identify the sources of emission and absorption of atmospheric carbon monoxide. The GOSAT 2 project team sees the need to attract public attention to the crucial GOSAT 2 missions and global warming the issue that the missions will further elucidate. Their desire took shape in the Care for Earth project. In cooperation with ASATSU DK INC. NPO City Watch Square and 7days kitchen opened the Future Cuisine Restaurant Ibuki a pop up restaurant only for a day in Omotesando Tokyo. The Future Cuisine Restaurant Ibuki won the final PR Bronze Lion of the 65th annual Cannes Lions Festival of Creativity held on June 18 through 22 2018 in Cannes France. ",Japan
" Jul. 4 2018 Updated Stereo image of asteroid Ryugu by Dr. Brian May ",Japan
" Brian May the lead guitarist from the British rock band Queen has created a stereoscopic image of Ryugu from photographs captured with the ONC T camera onboard Hayabusa2 so that the asteroid can be viewed in three dimensions. Brian May is an astronomer with a doctoral degree in astrophysics from Imperial College London. He has a strong interest in planetary defense or space guard which considers the potential threat to the Earth from meteorites. As part of this May is a core member of Asteroid Day that began about three years ago to increase awareness of asteroids and action that can be taken to protect the Earth. Figure  Image to be used with red blue stereo glasses. ",Japan
" Jul. 3 2018 Updated Introduction to Polarization observation and Near Ultraviolet observation by SGLI ",Japan
" The Second Generation Global Imager  SGLI  instrument aboard the JAXA satellite Global Change Observation Mission Climate  GCOM C  is an optical sensor capable of observations at wavelengths ranging from near ultraviolet to thermal infrared  380nm to 12 m . SGLI can observe the polarization state of light in red and near infrared band by switching to directional angles from  45deg  forward  and  45deg  backward . Polarization measurement can provide the properties of light including the oscillation direction of electromagnetic waves in addition to the magnitude of light. ",Japan
" Polarization observation and near ultraviolet  380nm  observation by SGLI expected to characterize aerosols  fine particles in atmosphere  on Earth s land surface more accurately. In the visible near infrared spectra the surface reflectance is high over land. Vegetation and land cover affect the space based measurement resulting in varied readings. Identifying types of aerosol over land only at these wavelengths is therefore hampered by difficulties. ",Japan
" However in the SGLI ultraviolet wavelength regions the reflectance of the Earth s land is significantly lower. In addition polarization observation is less susceptible to the reflection of sunlight from Earth s surface compared with unpolarization observation. These features are expected to improve the accuracy of the measurement for aerosols over land by enabling to detect the properties of the fine particles of the atmosphere. ",Japan
" Images  Colored image above China captured by GCOM C on March 23 2018  R  VN08 G  VN05 B  VN03  VN08  Red reflectance VN01  Near ultraviolet reflectance and PL02  Near infrared reflectance ",Japan
" Jun. 29 2018 Updated Arrival at Ryugu  ",Japan
" 1302 days after the launch from Tanegashima Space Center on December 3 2014 Hayabusa2 has fonally arrived at the target asteroid Ryugu. The arrival time was 9 35 am JST on June 27 2018. From here we can begin to fully explore Ryugu. After the end of the ion engine operation on June 3 2018 Hayabusa2 began the final asteroid approach phase. Optical navigation was used to precisely aim for the asteroid s location. During the approach the chemical propulsion thrusters were used to perform nine Trajectory Correction Maneuvers  TCM  to control the velocity of the spacecraft with a tenth TCM made at the above time for arrival. After the final TCM10 the relative speed between Hayabusa2 and Ryugu was 1 cm s or less and arrival at the asteroid was declared. ",Japan
" Figure  Group photo commemorating arrival at Ryugu. This is our triumphant pose  known as the guts pose          in Japanese . ",Japan
" Jun. 25 2018 Updated Asteroid Ryugu seen from a distance of around 40km ",Japan
" Hayabusa2 is close to arriving at asteroid Ryugu. After a journey of around 3.2 billion km since launch our destination is finally near. Two small objects will soon meet in outer space 280 million km from the Earth. Figure   Asteroid Ryugu photographed by the ONC T on June 24 2018 at around 00 01 JST. Credit   JAXA University of Tokyo Kochi University Rikkyo University Nagoya University Chiba Institute of Technology Meiji University Aizu University AIST ",Japan
" Jun. 19 2018 Updated Ryugu seen from 330 240km ",Japan
" The ONC T  Optical Navigation Camera   Telescopic  captured images of Ryugu on June 17 2018 at around 15 00 JST and June 18 at around 06 00 JST. At 15 00 JST on June 17 the distance to Ryugu was approximately 330 km which had decreased to 240 km by June 18 at 06 00 JST. The following figures show the original images taken by the ONC T without any pixel smoothing. The order of the photographs is not chronological but show the sequential rotation of the asteroid. The change in distance is compensated by keeping the size of the asteroid constant through the image set. ",Japan
" Jun. 16 2018 Updated From a distance of about 700km Ryugu s rotation was observed. ",Japan
" Using the ONC T  Optical Navigation Camera   Telescopic  asteroid Ryugu was photographed continuously from June 14 2018 at around 21 00 JST through to June 15 2018 at around 05 10 JST. Figure 1 shows a looped animation of the 52 captured images. The distance to Ryugu when the images were captured was between about 700   650 km. In these photographs Ryugu is approximately 12   13 pixels in diameter. The animation in Figure 1 shows the photographs after image processing has been performed to smooth between the pixels so that the asteroid s surface looks smooth. ",Japan
" Jun. 14 2018 Updated Ryugu seen from a distance of 920km ",Japan
" Hayabusa2 is steadily approaching asteroid Ryugu. Figure 1 shows a photograph of Ryugu taken on June 13 2018 with the ONC T  Optical Navigation Camera Telescopic  from a distance of about 920km. The celestial body shining brightly in the center of the frame is Ryugu. The movement of Ryugu  in comparison to the background stars  can be seen by comparing this image with those taken on June 6 and June 10. The brightness of Ryugu is now about  6.6 mag  astronomical magnitude  a logarithmic scale for the apparent brightness for an object . ",Japan
" Jun. 8 2018 Updated MIO MMO  s New Name ",Japan
" JAXA selected MIO as new name for the Mercury Magnetospheric Orbiter  MMO  to be launched this Japanese fiscal year through March 2019. 6494 responded to the two month long MMO renaming project. JAXA conveys gratitude for their participation. Starting this month JAXA is giving the godparents a token of appreciation. MIO and MPO  aboard Ariane 5 will launch together separate after landing observe Mercury in cooperation for a year. ",Japan
"  The MPO Mercury Planetary Orbiter does observations of the planet s surface and internal composition. MIO Mercury s magnetic field and magnetosphere. ",Japan
" Namesake and Background ",Japan
" 1. ",Japan
" The definition of the word mio in the original Japanese is a waterway or fairway. It is a fitting name denoting how far the MMO mission has come navigating its course past important research and development milestones. It also carries the connotation of wishing the spacecraft a safe journey. ",Japan
" 2. ",Japan
" Historically markers called mio tsukushi were posted to guide boats sailing at rivers and sea. In traditional Japanese poetry mio tsukushi interchangeably means working hard without giving up. This describes the diligent and tenacious sprit of the MMO project team who never ceases to challenge. ",Japan
" 3. ",Japan
" The spacecraft will travel through the solar wind a continuous stream of plasma that the Sun emits in the Mercury s magnetosphere. The Mercury s magnetospheric interference constantly affects the state of the solar wind in orbit. It conjures up the image of a sea vessel underway with its bow heading forward. ",Japan
" 4. ",Japan
" Mio is easy to say for many especially those who do not speak Japanese. ",Japan
" Jun. 7 2018 Updated Ryugu seen from a distance of 2600km ",Japan
" On June 3 2018 ion engine operation was completed and the final approach to the asteroid begun. By photographing the asteroid with the Optical Navigation Camera optical navigation  precisely hybrid navigation using optical and radiometric observations   can be used to approach Ryugu while accurately estimating the trajectory of the spacecraft and asteroid. ",Japan
" Apr. 19 2018 Updated JJ FAST stops deforestation first time at rainy season in Brazil  ",Japan
" JJ FAST team is developing a next generation deforestation detection algorithm  version 2  to increase number of deforestation detection and improve detection accuracy. To validate deforestation sites detected by the new algorithm a JJ FAST team visited some sites in Brazil on Feb. 22 2018. When the team accompanied by IBAMA  Instituto Brasileiro do Meio Ambiente e dos Recursos Naturais Renovaveis  arrived at one site a bulldozer was mowing down trees. Two forest loggers were caught red handed and the bulldozer was legally seized on site by IBAMA. ",Japan
" The team and IBAMA officers also visited another site with ongoing deforestation on Feb. 26 2018. When the team reached the site around noon they found two large bulldozers connected with a massive metal chain left unattended. Bulldozers and chain mowing down trees is the typical method to clear cut large areas quickly. Soon three workers returned and stood in amazement when they found we waiting for them next to their bulldozers. The men were seized and the machinery was confiscated on site by IBAMA. Being aware of the possible detection by optical satellites they looked like they were wondering how their illegal deforestation activities were found under the cloud cover in rainy season. ",Japan
" This validation activity was supported by two kind IBAMA researchers Dr. Edson Sano and Dr. Daniel Freitas and IBAMA local staffs in Sinop and Junia. The JJ FAST team is very grateful for this wonderful cooperation with our counterparts in Brazil. ",Japan
" Mar. 26 2018 Updated Name the Mercury Magnetospheric Orbiter  MMO  and send your message to Mercury onboard MMO  ",Japan
" We are looking for the right name for the Mercury Magnetospheric Orbiter  MMO   whose upcoming launch is in October 2018 that will give a relatable and familiar nickname so that everyone can follow our journey to Mercury. The person who suggests the selected name will recieve a certificate and souvenir  We are also searching for people all over the world who are passionate about BepiColombo s journey to explore Mercury to provide messages illustrations audio video and other media. A selection of these will be recorded and loaded onto the Mercury Magnetospheric Orbiter  MMO  before it begins the journey towards our Solar System s innermost planet. We are looking for messages as glowing as the incandescent planet of Mercury    BepiColombo is a joint mission between ESA  the European Space Agency  and JAXA led by ESA to explore Mercury. The mission consists of two planetary orbiters  JAXA s MMO  Mercury Magnetospheric Orbiter  and ESA s MPO  Mercury Planetary Orbiter . ",Japan
" Feb. 9 2018 Updated DAICHI 2 captures tanker oil spill in the East China Sea ",Japan
" In January 6 2018 Iranian company s tanker SANCHI  Panama flag  collided with a cargo ship  Hong Kong flag  in the East China Sea off the east coast of China and a fire broke out. The tanker drifted into Japan s exclusive economic zone  EEZ  not being extinguished and exploded and sank at the sea about 315 km west of Amami Oshima in the afternoon of 14th. Oil is draining from the sunk tanker. JAXA observed near the sinking point with synthetic aperture radar  PALSAR 2  equipped with DAICHI 2   ALOS 2  at 03 33 UTC on January 18th. Figure shows observing area with PALSAR 2 including the location of the sunk tanker. At the east side of the location the Kuroshio flows from the southwest to the northeast  from Quick Bulletin of Ocean Conditions Hydrographic and oceanographic Department Japan Coast Guard . In the future we will continue observing near the accident site with our satellite. ",Japan
" Jan. 12 2018 Updated SHIKISAI Observation Data Acquired by SGLI ",Japan
" JAXA has released some observation images on the Earth acquired by the Global Change Observation Mission   Climate SHIKISAI  GCOM C . The SHIKISAI was launched from the Tanegashima Space Center at 10 26 22 on December 23 2017  Japan Standard Time . These images are obtained by using the test radio wave transmitted from GCOM C SGLI on January 1st to 6th 2018  JST . Image  Color composite image around the Okhotsk Sea Ice ",Japan
" Dec. 24 2017 Updated SHIKISAI and TSUBAME critical operation phase successfully completed  Initial function verification starts  ",Japan
" JAXA received telemetry data from SHIKISAI and TSUBAME confirming that their satellite attitude control system had transitioned to the steady state. Current status of both satellites is stable. Subsequently the following procedure occurred   power generation that supports the satellites  operation by the deployed solar array wings ground communications and sound attitude control that maintains those operations. Combined by the completion of the series of other operations such as powering up of the bus and mission equipment the satellites have entered the state where they can be sustained in orbit. This concludes their critical operations phase. SHIKISAI and TSUBAME will take about three months to verify the function of its onboard equipment and instruments in space. ",Japan
" Dec. 23 2017 Updated SHIKISAI Solar Array Deployment   Images ",Japan
" The reception of telemetry data from JAXA s SHIKISAI satellite was made at 10 44 a.m. at the JAXA Mingenew Station Australia confirming SHIKISAI s solar array deployment above Australia. ",Japan
" Images Captured by the SHIKISAI onboard Cameras Following Solar Array Deployment ",Japan
" Solar array paddle 1  Plus Y Side  ",Japan
" Solar array paddle 2  Minus Y Side  ",Japan
" SHIKISAI Solar Arrays before Deployment in Computer Graphics ",Japan
" Image   Viewing Angle of SHIKISAI onboard Cameras ",Japan
" Dec. 23 2017 Updated Successful Launch H IIA Launch Vehicle No. 37 Encapsulating SHIKISAI and TSUBAME ",Japan
" The H IIA Launch Vehicle No. 37 with the Global Change Observation Mission   Climate SHIKISAI  GCOM C  and the Super Low Altitude Test Satellite TSUBAME  SLATS  onboard lifted off at 10 26 22 a.m. on December 23 2017  Japan Standard Time  from the Tanegashima Space Center. The launch and flight of H IIA F37 proceeded as planned. So did the separation of SHIKISAI and TSUBAME which was confirmed respectively at approximately 16 minutes and 13 seconds and 1 hour and 47 minutes 59 seconds after liftoff. ",Japan
" Oct. 27 2017 Updated H IIA F37 with SHIKISAI TSUBAME onboard to be launched on December 23 ",Japan
" The launch schedule of the H IIA Launch Vehicle No. 37  H IIA F37  has been decided to be between 10 26 22 thru 10 48 22 a.m. on December 23  Sat  2017  Japan Standard time . The launch will be performed by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and JAXA. H IIA Launch vehicle No. 37 incorporates JAXA s newly developed outcome to insert SHIKISAI and TSUBAME into different orbit altitude respectively. It will expand opportunities of multiple satellite launch and take full advantage of the capability of H IIA. ",Japan
" Oct. 18 2017 Updated Detection of intact lunar lava tubes in the data from Kaguya radar sounding ",Japan
" The international research team investigated the analysis of the SELENE Lunar Radar Sounder  LRS  data and confirmed that multiple lunar lava tubes exist extending a few to several tens of meters in depth underneath the volcanic region. One floor of the holes extended several tens of kilometers westward of the east end of the lava tube that LRS detected. The results from the LRS data analysis are valuable from science and future exploration perspectives as they offer evidence for the existence of previously hypothesized subsurface lava tubes. Since the insides of lunar lava tubes are believed to be in pristine state careful study of the interior provides insight regarding the evolutionary history of the Moon. Intact lava tubes shielded from the hostile outside environment offer potential sites for lunar base construction. Though lava tube caves can be buried beneath the holes few such holes have been discovered. This suggests that underground void is limited which can accommodate the lunar base for science and exploration. This research has been published in Geophysical Research Letters American geoscience journal.  Kaku et al. 2017 Detection of intact lava tubes at Marius Hills on the Moon by SELENE  Kaguya  Lunar Radar Sounder GRL  Image  The SELENE observation in computer graphics. The LRS detects the underground lunar composition. Credit  JAXA SELENE Crescent Akihiro Ikeshita for Kaguya image ",Japan
" Sep. 5 2017 Updated Venus  Jet setting atmosphere ",Japan
" Data from JAXA s Venus Climate Orbiter Akatsuki reports the evidence of a fast atmospheric flow near the planet s equator. ",Japan
" JAXA and the team of researchers from the Hokkaido University and others used images from the Akatsuki orbiter to track jet  shaping strong winds in the low and middle cloud region which extends from 45 to 60 kilometers in altitude. The wind speed maximized near the equator. They named this phenomenon Venusian equatorial jet. ",Japan
" Previously the wind speed at this altitude was thought to be uniform 2 presenting little zonal and temporal variabilities. However the findings seem to contradict the hypothesis and suggest that unexpected variability exists deep in the cloud layer. ",Japan
" Venus  whole atmosphere is rotating much faster than the surface below at the altitude of the cloud top  70 km  a unique situation called superrotation. Its mechanism is still largely unclear. Theoretical and numerical analysis of the dynamics of Venusian equatorial jet and other observations will help solve the long debated mysteries of superrotation on Venus. ",Japan
"  An astrophysical jet is an astronomical phenomenon where outflows of matter are emitted as an extended beam along the axis of rotation. ",Japan
"  2A state where there are hardly any horizontal variabilities. ",Japan
" Aug. 22 2017 Updated Great American Eclipse on 21 August 2017  public release of images and videos taken by the Hinode satellite ",Japan
" The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency  JAXA  the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan  NAOJ NINS  and the US National Aeronautics and Space Administration  NASA  release partial eclipse images and videos taken on August 22  JST  with the solar observation satellite Hinode. ",Japan
" The images and videos were taken on August 22 2017 at 1 57 JST with the X Ray Telescope  XRT  aboard Hinode during its flight above the Pacific Ocean  off the west coast of the US  at an altitude of 680km. The silhouette of the new moon was approaching from the south west  the lower right side of the image  and passing across the solar disk toward the north east  the upper left side of the image  against the solar corona seen in X rays. It was a partial eclipse the maximum magnitude of which was 0.714. Since the flight speed of Hinode was very fast  27000 km per hour  the duration of the partial eclipse was only about 15 minutes. ",Japan
" Aug. 7 2017 Updated KODAMA Ends Operations ",Japan
" At 2 45 p.m.  Japan Standard Time  August 5 2017 JAXA sent a set of commands to shut down the operations of KODAMA JAXA s data relay test satellite. Since launch on September 10 2002 KODAMA was in use for about fifteen years long after its operations phase. The time lapse took its toll on the satellite. On July 31 JAXA started the procedure to end the KODAMA operations to prevent interference with other spacecraft. On August 5 KODAMA received signals for controlled deorbit. The satellite sent its last transmission to Earth ceasing its operations. ",Japan
" Jul. 26 2017 Updated Huge Iceberg Breaks away from Antarctic Ice Sheet   Shizuku Satellite Observations Detect ",Japan
" An iceberg about the size of Mie Prefecture of Japan split off from Antarctica s Larsen C iceberg on July 12 2017. The second Advance Microwave Scanning Radiometer  AMSR2  on JAXA s Shizuku satellite captured the calving of the close to 5800 square kilometer chunk of ice. The nascent iceberg created by the rift is estimated to weigh over a trillion ton kilograms. AMSR2 was instrumental in grasping this major calving event. It can turn to and observe the same area a few times a day regardless of time and weather. Antarctica is currently in its winter the season of six month long darkness. AMSR2 s high temporal resolution could monitor the progression of the rift despite the absence of light which the traditional optical sensors cannot. Using Shizuku and ALOS 2 satellites JAXA will continue following the trajectory of the new iceberg. ",Japan
" Jul. 25 2017 Updated ALOS 2 Captures Massive Iceberg s Breakoff from Antarctica ",Japan
" On July 12 2017 an iceberg split off from Antarctica s Larsen C iceberg. With use of ALOS 2 s wide area observatory mode JAXA was able to capture the entire calving image. Larsen C a floating platform of glacial ice on the east side of the Antarctic Peninsula is among the largest ice shelves ringing Earth s southernmost continent. The breakage taking a chunk of its mass away from the Larsen C area is now a matter of particular interest to glaciologists around the world as it could also contribute to sea level rise. In the past partial fractures occurred in the area. However the last calving event is incomparably massive possibly causing the glaciers to accelerate that flow into Larsen C and more rifts to grow. JAXA will continue the ALOS 2 operations to monitor the area. ",Japan
" Jul. 14 2017 Updated GCOM C renamed SHIKISAI ",Japan
" JAXA had the public come up with an excellent nickname for the Global Change Observation Mission   Climate  GCOM C  for almost a month. The GCOM C nickname project was couple with SLAT s. The project was met with quite a response   12895 applications. As a result of careful examination SHIKISAI meaning colors in Japanese was chosen. JAXA appreciates all for positive participation. SHIKISAI most appropriately describes the GCOM C features   the onboard Second Generation Global Imager  SGLI  captures a broad spectrum of objects including flourishing vegetation deep blue oceans and crystal sea ice on our color filled planet. Updates on the SHIKISAI missions are available on this website. JAXA appreciates continuous support by all. ",Japan
" Jul. 14 2017 Updated SLATS renamed TSUBAME ",Japan
" JAXA launched a month long campaign to have the public suggest a new name of the SLATS acronym for the Super Low Altitude Test Satellite. The SLATS renaming campaign coupled with GCOM C s was responded by 12895 applications. JAXA carefully examined them and chose TSUBAME a Japanese word for swallow. JAXA is grateful for the positive participation. TSUBAME is a perfect nickname for the thin elongated satellite in super low orbit with a set of solar array wings   what can describe it better than the small familiar bird flying low  Updates on the TSUBAME missions are available on this website. JAXA appreciates continuous support by all. ",Japan
" Jul. 6 2017 Updated MMO Development Progress ",Japan
" The Mercury Magnetospheric Orbiter  MMO  was shipped from the JAXA Sagamihara Campus in mid April 2015 and safely arrived at its destination the European Space Agency  ESA . Last June MMO and ESA s Mercury Planetary Orbiter  MPO  the two orbiters aboard Bepicolombo went through the final set of joint tests at ESA s European Technology and Space Centre in the Netherlands. Last February the tandem satellites were subject to their initial operational test. Since last March the integration testing has been underway on the composite spacecraft. MMO will be required to pass yet another series of testing   environmental and then off to further tests to ensure the system s technical soundness. If all goes well MMO will be transported to the launch pad at ESA s Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana where Bepicolombo will be set off to the Mercury in October 2018. ",Japan
" Jun. 2 2017 Updated SLATS Comes through Shock and Vibration Testing ",Japan
" SLATS JAXA s super low altitude test satellite has successfully completed shock  April 11 2017  and vibration  April 25 through May 12 2017  testing a set of ground testing configured to simulate impact and vibration induced by launch and the following separation of the payload fairing. SLATS like all other spacecraft is exposed to extreme conditions to prove the integrity of its control systems. ",Japan
" Image  SLATS and the bottom of the adapter. As the payload fairing is jettisoned the adapter is separated from the H IIA launch vehicle. The upper adapter is positioned to contain SLATS on which GCOM C Global Change Observation Mission   Climate the primary satellite is mounted. ",Japan
" SLATS scheduled to launch in Japanese fiscal 2017 is entering still other types of testing thermal vacuum electrical. The propulsion systems too is to be examined and evaluated. ",Japan
" May 26 2017 Updated GCOM C Completes Environmental Testing ",Japan
" JAXA s GCOM C satellite Global Change Observation Mission   Climate to be launched in Japanese fiscal 2017 undergoes environmental testing at the JAXA Tsukuba Space Center. Environmental Test flow includes sinusoidal vibration and acoustics which JAXA collectively calls mechanical and environmental testing. The testing which aims at ensuring that the satellite will endure rigorous shock and sound pressure during ascent was conducted in March and April 2017  Image  and came to successful completion. ",Japan
" GCOM C is entering electrical testing which will determine if the satellite systems after being subjected to environmental testing operate properly. ",Japan
" Mar. 3 2017 Updated Two cameras on Akatsuki pause observations ",Japan
" JAXA decides that two of five cameras on board Akatsuki  1  m and 2  m cameras  pause scientific observations. Other cameras  longwave infrared camera ultraviolet imager and lightening and airglow camera  continue normal operation. Although scientific observations by IR1 and IR2 are paused JAXA continues investigation of possible recovery of two cameras. Attempts of switching ON these cameras will regularly be made with hope. Figure  A localized vortex near the cloud base as imaged with IR2. Although similar vortices are seen in the earth atmosphere this is seen for the first time in Venus  atmosphere. ",Japan
" Feb. 22 2017 Updated QZS 1 off to the Cabinet Office s Control ",Japan
" On February 28 2017 JAXA discontinues the operation of QZS 1 the First Quasi Zenith Satellite MICHIBIKI. Control will be transferred to the Cabinet Office. For details please refer to  ",Japan
" Feb. 21 2017 Updated GCOM W  Sea Ice Hits Record Low ",Japan
" Global sea ice extent hit record low according to observations from Shizuku on Global Change Observation Mission on January 14 2017. It is all time low in the history of satellite operation that started in 1978 JAXA continues operation of Shizuku and GCOM C and monitoring arctic sea ice extent off the coast of Greenland Sea and the rest of the arctic circle. Related information is also available at the following links  ",Japan
" Jan. 25 2017 Updated Is there little metallic iron in the universe  ",Japan
" Solid particles containing iron  dust particles  act to promote the formation of molecules in interstellar space and are key to understanding physical and chemical processes there. Iron contained in dust particles comes in various forms such as metallic iron and iron oxide each with different properties. Previous studies have suggested that iron is present mainly in forms other than iron oxide iron carbide and iron sulfide. To verify the possibility that metallic iron is present a research team led by Dr. Kimura  Hokkaido University  performed in situ observations of gaseous iron cooling in a microgravity environment and investigated the ease of iron aggregation  the efficiency at which metallic iron forms . The experimental results showed that unlike in the results of ground experiments it was difficult for iron atoms to aggregate. In other words it is difficult for metallic iron to form in outer space. The team speculates that iron in dust particles is not a metal but rather contained as a compound or adhered to other particles as an impurity. The results of this research were published in the online journal Science Advances of the American Association for the Advancement of Science on 21 January 2017. ",Japan
" Jan. 25 2017 Updated HISAKI to Prove Solar Wind s Influence on the Inner Magnetosphere of Jupiter ",Japan
" HISAKI JAXA S Spectroscopic Planet Observatory for Recognition of Interaction of Atmosphere presents the monitoring data that show solar wind influences Jupiter s inner magnetosphere the most powerful in the solar system. The finding contradicts the previous hypothesis that solar wind influence on the planet s inner part is negligible since its magnetosphere is huge and is rotationally dominated. Research on the response of Jupiter s inner magnetosphere to solar wind requires long continuous monitoring just the type of observation HISAKI makes. Its one month long spectroscopic observation on Jupiter updates the theory. To unveil the process of this new discovery preparation is underway by HISAKI research team and oversees researchers for simultaneous and on site monitoring by HISAKI and NASA s JUNO spacecraft. The research finding was published in Geophysical Research Letters on December 20 2016. ",Japan
" Jan. 17 2017 Updated Finding the cause of a bow shaped feature on Venus ",Japan
" In December 2015 the longwave infrared  LIR  camera mounted on the Venus Climate Orbiter Akatsuki discovered a bow shaped feature stretching about 10000 km in a north south direction. This pattern remained in nearly the same place over the observation period of four days without being affected by the easterly wind  super rotation  in the Venus atmosphere. Examination using numerical simulations suggested that turbulence in the lower atmosphere generates waves that propagate through the atmosphere. The waves propagate north and south through the sky creating a bow like temperature distribution passing through the upper end of clouds at an altitude of about 65 km. This study showed that the state of Venus  lower atmosphere can be inferred from observations of its cloud tops. This research result was published on 17 January 2017 in the online edition of the UK scientific journal Nature Geoscience. ",Japan
" Jan. 15 2017 Updated SS 520 No. 4 Launch Results ",Japan
" At 8 33 a.m.  Japan Standard Time  January 15 2017 SS 520 No. 4 JAXA s sounding rocket launched from the Uchinoura Space Center. Through SS 520 No. 4 launch JAXA sought for research and development of launch vehicles and satellites and the launch demonstration of TRICOM 1 its onboard nanosat that weighs about 3 kilograms. The launch was part of Japanese government s program for development of launch vehicles and satellites in public private partnerships. ",Japan
" The first stage flight of SS 520 No. 4 proceeded according to schedule. Thereafter however ground teams could not receive telemetry from the launch vehicle and the call was made to abort the second stage ignition. JAXA tracked the launch vehicle and confirmed that it fell into the south eastern ocean off the Uchinoura Space Center within the projected drop area. ",Japan
" Jan. 11 2017 Updated Completion of KIKU No. 8 Operation ",Japan
" At 3 25 p.m.  Japan Standard Time  January 10 2017 JAXA terminated its Engineering Test Satellite VIII KIKU No.8  ETS VIII  transmission thus brought a closure to the satellite s operation. KIKU No. 8 was built for demonstration and experiment with the purpose of improvement of mobile communications system. When Japan earthquake and tsunami of 2011 broke out the satellite did the much needed service of providing the internet access for the afflicted region. Launched on December 18 2006 KIKU No. 8 marked its 3 year mission period and on December 18 2016 completed its 10 year design life. The satellite s fuel ran low that controlled its attitude and orbit after the decade long operation. In addition an outdated satellite lying in space can undermine the operation of others. Therefore JAXA made a call to discontinue using the probe. KIKU No. 8 was thrown out of its stationary orbit and ceased to function. ",Japan
" Oct. 27 2016 Updated Whole atmospheric Monthly CO2 Concentration Tops 400 ppm based on IBUKI observation ",Japan
" The Ministry of Environment National Institute of Environmental Studies and JAXA monitor CO2 level by JAXA s Greenhouse gases Observing SATellite IBUKI  GOSAT . The Provisional analysis was done of IBUKI s observational data obtained until May 2016. The results show that the global atmospheric monthly mean CO2 concentration observed vertically through the whole atmosphere exceeded 400 ppm for the first time in February 2016. In addition the monthly CO2 concentration after hitting the 400 ppm mark in December 2015 reached the unprecedented level of 402.3 ppm in December 2015. It is the highest record since GOSAT was launched in 2009. JAXA will report the data at the official side events at COP22 to be held in Marrakesh Morocco from November 7 to 18 2016. The observation data is regularly made available to the public. ",Japan
" Sep. 26 2016 Updated Full release of the SELENE  KAGUYA  High Definition Television  HDTV  data ",Japan
" All the data taken by the high definition television  HDTV  onboard the SELENE  KAGUYA  lunar orbiter have been released. The SELENE HDTV developed in cooperation with JAXA and NHK captured the full HD images all around the Moon. The raw data extracted right from more than 600 HD images that the SELENE HDTV acquired over the period of 21 months are now available as they are of high scientific value. Image  The earth set above the South Pole where a number of countries are considering to build their base for lunar exploration.  C NHK JAXA ",Japan
" Sep. 7 2016 Updated Submicrometer craters in samples returned from the asteroid Itokawa ",Japan
" It is previously reported that precious few Itokawa particles show submicrometer craters on their surface. An international research team led by Dr. Dennis Harries  Friedrich Schiller University Jena  has investigated these craters in details using scanning electron microscopy and transmission electron microscopy. As a result of their observations 15 craters were confirmed on a new particle. Though particles showing such craters had also been found in previous studies those particles showed only 1 2 craters on their surface. Thus the new particle found by the research team shows unusual number of craters on the surface of one particle. Also the research team found that the crater was secondary craters formed by fragments produced by the impact process of a tiny celestial body on the surface of asteroid Itokawa. ",Japan
" Aug. 12 2016 Updated AJISAI marked 30th anniversary on Aug. 13 2016 and its operation still continues ",Japan
" The Experimental Geodetic Satellite AJISAI  EGS  was launched at 5 45 a.m. on Aug 13 1986  JST  from the Tanegashima Space Center and it was put into a circular orbit at an altitude of 1500 km by the maiden H I Launch Vehicle. AJISAI is the first Japanese geometric satellite and its major missions are rectifying Japan s domestic geodetic triangular net    determining the exact position of many isolated Japanese islands and establishing Japan s geodetic point of origin. AJISAI is a ball shaped satellite 2.15 meters in diameter and weighing about 685 kilograms. Its surface is covered with 1486 prisms and 318 reflectors. Satellite Laser Ranging  SLR  stations around the world are observing AJISAI using laser pulse. The SLR system at JAXA s Masuda Tracking and Communications Station also keeps monitoring AJISAI. Researchers around the world highly evaluate the 30 year long operation and precious observation data of AJISAI. ",Japan
" Jul. 29 2016 Updated Happy Birthday Akatsuki  ",Japan
" On July 19 Akatsuki celebrated 1st Venus s year anniversary  a year on Venus is 225 Earth days . Akatsuki keeps working well and continues to gather lots of data. The four cameras aboard the Venus Climate Orbiter Akatsuki keep sending down images. ",Japan
" Jul. 7 2016 Updated An Unexpectedly Calm Hot Gas in the Center of the Perseus Cluster ",Japan
" An international team observed the hot gas in the Perseus cluster with the Soft X ray Spectrometer  SXS  on board the X ray Astronomy Satellite ASTRO H  Hitomi  during its initial operation phase which started one week after liftoff. The total integration time was 230000 s. The energy resolution of the SXS data was high equaling the best resolution estimated during ground testing. The observation data demonstrated the good in orbit performance of the SXS and its ability to measure the velocity of hot gas with at least 20 times better resolution than previous instruments. This observation resulted in the first determination of the velocity of hot gas in the center of a galaxy cluster. At the center of the Perseus cluster a gigantic black hole emits powerful jets that collide with the surrounding hot gas and push it outward. For this reason large turbulent flows of the hot gas were expected. However the SXS observation revealed that the chaotic motion was small and the hot gas was calm despite the violent conditions. These results are presented in a paper published on July 7 2016 in the journal Nature. ",Japan
" Jul. 1 2016 Updated Ryugu Observation Campaign  for expert observers  ",Japan
" The target asteroid of Hayabusa2 is  162173  Ryugu 1999 JU3 in the provisional designation. Hayabusa2 will arrive at this asteroid in June   July 2018. In this summer we have a opportunity to observe Ryugu so we set up Ryugu Observation Campaign from July 1 to August 15 2016. This is the last chance to observe Ryugu before Hayabusa2 arrives there. ",Japan
" However the maximum apparent magnitude will be just 18th mag so it is rather dark. Maybe you need a telescope with the diameter of 1m or so. Or you must follow the motion of Ryugu with your telescope. Therefor the observation will be rather difficult but please try it if you can. Good luck  ",Japan
" Jun. 22 2016 Updated Trace of Itokawa s Four Billion Years of History Found on Particles ",Japan
" A research team led by Aerospace Project Research Associate Toru Matsumoto of JAXA found that traces of more than four billion years of history up until now of the Asteroid Itokawa were recoded on the surface of particles that were recovered from Itokawa by the Asteroid Explorer Hayabusa  to bring back to the Earth and their surface patterns and marks were analyzed by the research team. The research team observed the faint structure of the particle surface in details through X ray microtomography  X ray CT  and by scanning electron microscopes. As a result the surface pattern that had been believed to be just one type was found to be at least four variations. One of them was found to stem from Itokawa s parent body. Some particles analyzed this time retain the pattern that was thought to be made over four billion years ago. The research method this time can acquire a lot of information without hurting the precious particles. Therefore this method will become an imperative first step analysis skill when studying extraterrestrial objects. ",Japan
" Jun. 15 2016 Updated JAXA Executives Take Pay Cut Due to ASTRO H  Hitomi  Anomaly ",Japan
" Due to the anomaly experienced with X Ray Astronomy Satellite ASTRO H  Hitomi  three of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency s executive employees have decided to take a 10  pay cut to their monthly salary for four months to be effective July 2016. ",Japan
" Jun. 10 2016 Updated Hitomi Experience Report   Handout for the Specialists advisory panel meeting called by MEXT. ",Japan
"  MEXT   Ministry of Education Culture Sports Science and Technology . ",Japan
" Jun. 3 2016 Updated Handout for the Specialists advisory panel meeting called by MEXT  Ministry of Education Culture Sports Science and Technology . ",Japan
" May 27 2016 Updated Handout for the Specialists advisory panel meeting called by MEXT  Ministry of Education Culture Sports Science and Technology . ",Japan
" May 23 2016 Updated A movie of the Venus  night side produced by IR2 ",Japan
" This movie is produced from the IR2 2.26  m images acquired on 29 March 2016 at a distance of 0.36 million km. Original 4 images were acquired with 4 hour intervals from 16 03 JST  07 03 UT . In 4 hours the super rotating clouds move by  10 degrees. Such images are numerically derotated to produce intermediate images so that the resultant motion becomes smoother. Deformation appearance and disapperance of clouds are obvious in this movie. As the mission enters the nominal observing phase we plan to shorten the intervals to 2 hours or even shorter so the high definition movies will definitely help understanding of the Venus atmosphere. ",Japan
" May 20 2016 Updated Whole atmospheric monthly CO2 concentration tops 400 ppm based on observations by IBUKI ",Japan
" A recent provisional analysis of IBUKI  GOSAT  observational data shows that the global atmospheric monthly mean CO2 concentration observed vertically through the whole atmosphere exceeded 400 ppm in December 2015 for the first time since GOSAT was launched in 2009. Several meteorological agencies such as the World Meteorological Organization  WMO  have already reported that the global monthly mean CO2 concentration based on data obtained at surface level monitoring sites has exceeded 400 ppm. However it is the first time that the whole atmospheric CO2 mean exceeded 400 ppm monitored by GOSAT which can observe CO2 concentrations from the surface to the top of the atmosphere  about 70km . It means that CO2 concentrations are increasing not only at the global surface but also in the global atmosphere. ",Japan
" May 11 2016 Updated HINODE captured the transit of Mercury across the Sun ",Japan
" Mercury marched in front of the Sun from 11 11 UT to 18 44 UT on May 9. Hinode which is on a Sun synchronous orbit around the Earth was able to observe this event without atmospheric distortion. Image  Transit of Mercury captured by the Solar Optical Telescope  SOT  ",Japan
" Apr. 28 2016 Updated AKATSUKI onboard instruments to move to regular operation ",Japan
" JAXA decided to shift the operation mode of the five onboard instruments of AKATSUKI to the regular operation mode namely 1 m camera  IR1  2 m camera  IR2  Longwave IR camera  LIR  Ultraviolet image  UVI  and Ultra stable Oscillator  USO . Lightening and airglow camera  LAC  continues to be in the preparation mode for its conditions to be carefully coordinated. ",Japan
"  Message from Project Manager Masato Nakamura  Thanks to your support we were able to move the four cameras and the Ultra sable Oscillator to regular operations. Thank you very much. We continuously acquire data for the world s leading Venus research while we are aiming at early regular operation of the LAC. Please look forward to the operation and data acquisition of the Venus climate orbiter AKATSUKI.  ",Japan
" Image  Night side of Venus taken by the IR2. The night side image shows the whole of Venus and the image captured the most detailed Venus state. We will closely and precisely study the 3D structure and movement of the Venus atmosphere by combining data of different wavelengths from other cameras. ",Japan
" Apr. 28 2016 Updated Operation Plan of ASTRO H  Hitomi  ",Japan
" JAXA established the emergency headquarters and has been doing its utmost to understand the anomaly of ASTRO H  Hitomi  . We have made every effort to confirm the status of ASTRO H and to regain its functions. Unfortunately based on our rigorous technical investigation we had to conclude. On April 28  JST  JAXA held a press briefing and sent out press releases on ASTRO H  Hitomi  . ",Japan
" JAXA have determined that we cannot restore the ASTRO H s functions. Accordingly JAXA will cease the efforts to restore ASTRO H and will focus on the investigation of anomaly causes. We will carefully review all phases from design manufacturing verification and operations to identify the causes that may have led to this anomaly including background factors. JAXA expresses the deepest regret for the fact that we had to discontinue the operations of ASTRO H and extends our most sincere apologies to everyone who has supported ASTRO H believing in the excellent results ASTRO H would bring to all overseas and domestic partners including NASA and to all foreign and Japanese astrophysicists who were planning to use the observational results from ASTRO H for their studies. ",Japan
" Apr. 21 2016 Updated GSMap received the MEXT science and technology award ",Japan
" Development and research members of the Global Satellite Mapping of Precipitation  GSMaP  received the JFY2016 minister s science and technology award  science and technology promotion section  of the Ministry of Education Culture Sports Science and Technology  MEXT . GSMaP was appreciated for its quasi real time provision system of high accuracy precipitation distribution data as such data had been less accurate and the provision of such data had often been delayed. GSMap is used for weather and hydrological agencies and organizations in Asia Africa Oceania Europe and the U.S to contribute to reduce damage due to precipitation by monitoring precipitation and flood prediction. In addition the data is published on the website of the Global Rainfall Watch  and Realtime Rainfall Watch  for ordinary users to easily access it. ",Japan
" Apr. 21 2016 Updated DAICHI 2 received the MEXT science and technology award ",Japan
" The Ministry of Education Culture Sports Science and Technology  MEXT  recognizes remarkable achievements of R D and the promotion of understanding in the science and technology field by presenting an award the MEXT minister s award in the field of science and technology. Development and research members of DAICHI 2 received the JFY 2016 MEXT minister science and technology award  development section . Technology for high accuracy observations on diastrophism was appreciated. With this technology JAXA continues to observe tectonic movement and land sliding status caused by the 20106 Kumamoto Earthquake. ",Japan
" Apr. 21 2016 Updated Handout of press briefing  April 15  ",Japan
" On April 15  JST  JAXA held a press briefing to explain the status of the X ray Astronomy Satellite Hitomi   ASTRO H  and our activities to re establish communications with Hitomi.  ",Japan
" Apr. 13 2016 Updated Handout of press briefing  April 8  ",Japan
" On April 8  JST  JAXA held a press briefing to explain the status of the X ray Astronomy Satellite Hitomi   ASTRO H  and our activities to re establish communications with Hitomi.  ",Japan
" Apr. 7 2016 Updated Handout of press briefing  April 1  ",Japan
" On April 1  JST  JAXA held a press briefing to explain the status of the X ray Astronomy Satellite Hitomi   ASTRO H  and our activities to re establish communications with Hitomi.  ",Japan
" Apr. 1 2016 Updated AKATSUKI regular observation to begin in mid April ",Japan
" AKATSUKI has been performing test observations by turning on its onboard observation instruments one by one. The instruments are starting up normally and we have already conducted successful observations that are equivalent to a minimum success      thus we will move to regular operations in mid April. ",Japan
"   Minimum success  The minimum goal for achieving a mission. For AKATSUKI the minimum success is to capture Venus s all globe cloud structure by continuously acquiring image data  for every few hours  using some of its onboard cameras from Venus orbit. ",Japan
" Image  Test observation results by the Longwave IR camera  LIR  The image shows bow shape clouds running from the Southern hemisphere to the Northern one of Venus. This is the first time to learn such a phenomenon. ",Japan
" Mar. 31 2016 Updated Hayabysa2 mission logo color change ",Japan
" It has been a year since Hayabusa2 was launched and we changed the color of the mission logo while moving to the Transfer orbit  phase. The illustration of Hayabusa2 itself is the same but the name of the target asteroid was updated to RYUGU from its provisional designation 1999JU3. The background color was also changed to blue for showing Hayabusa2 s endeavor flying through space in the solar system toward RYUGU by leaving the near Earth orbit. Please support Hayabusa2 which is navigating the mighty ocean of the solar system.   The orbit between the Earth orbit and the orbit around RYUGU. ",Japan
" Mar. 29 2016 Updated Current Status of Communication Anomaly of X ray Astronomy Satellite Hitomi   ASTRO H   Mar. 29  ",Japan
" JAXA has been trying to communicate with the X ray Astronomy Satellite Hitomi   ASTRO H  using ground stations both in Japan and overseas. By utilizing two opportunities of communicating with Hitomi JAXA received signals from the satellite  the first time was at about 10 00 p.m. on 28 at the Uchinoura Ground Station and the second one was at around 0 30 a.m. on 29 at the Santiago Tracking Station in Chile. JAXA has not been able to find the state of its health as the time frames for receiving the signals were very short. According to the U.S. Joint Space Operations Center  JSpOC  it is estimated that Hitomi separated to five pieces at about 10 42 a.m. on 26. In order to investigate the situation JAXA is observing the objects using a radar located at the Kamisaibara Space Guard Center  KSGC  and telescopes at the Bisei Space Guard Center  BSGC  owned by the Japan Space Forum. Up to now the telescopes at BSGC detected two objects around the satellite s original orbit while the radar at KSGC identified one of them. It is confirmed that the signal received at the Santiago Tracking Station came from the orbital direction of the object identified at KSGC. JAXA continues to investigate the relationship between the information from JSpOC and the communication anomaly. JAXA will do its utmost to recover communications with Hitomi and investigate the cause of the anomaly. ",Japan
"   ",Japan
" In the above report it is written in the third paragraph that According to the U.S. Joint Space Operations Center  JSpOC  it is estimated that Hitomi separated to five pieces.... JAXA re confirmed the situation with JSpOC and found that their estimation actually meant five objects fell off from the satellite  meaning the satellite is now separated into six parts .  ",Japan
" Mar. 27 2016 Updated Communication anomaly of X ray Astronomy Satellite Hitomi   ASTRO H   Mar. 27  ",Japan
" JAXA found that communication with the X ray Astronomy Satellite Hitomi   ASTRO H  launched on February 17 2016  JST  failed from the start of its operation originally scheduled at 16 40 Saturday March 26  JST . Up to now JAXA has not been able to figure out the state of health of the satellite. ",Japan
" While the cause of communication anomaly is under investigation JAXA received short signal from the satellite and is working for recovery. ",Japan
" Under this circumstance JAXA set up emergency headquarters headed by the President for recovery and investigation. The headquarters held its first meeting today and has been working for recovery and the investigation of the cause. Updates will be announced as available at the JAXA website. ",Japan
" Mar. 24 2016 Updated Hisaki   SPRINT A  captures the powerful Jovian auroras caused by the solar winds ",Japan
" Hisaki   SPRINT A  in cooperation with NASA s Chandler X ray telescope and XMM Newton observed Jovian auroras for 2 weeks. The results show the close correlation between the solar wind speed and the intensity of Jovian auroras. In addition the calculations reveal that the lines of magnetic force which penetrate X ray auroras are on Jovian geomagnetism and the interfacial boundary of the solar winds. This finding suggests that X ray auroras as are the case of the earth s auroras the ions which are accelerated by the solar winds generate X ray auroras. Further observation shall discover more about X ray auroras. ",Japan
" Mar. 17 2016 Updated DAICHI 2 honored by central emergency communications council ",Japan
" DAICHI 2 received an award for its contributions to anti disaster operations by the council     on March 16 2016. DAICHI 2 performs emergency observations in response to requests from disaster preparation agencies and swiftly provides data to understand signs of disasters and their status. For emergency observations of a volcanic eruption at Kuchinoerabu Island we provided observation data about four hours after the explosion following a request from the Japan Meteorological Agency  JMA . The data analysis results by disaster prevention agencies was then reported to the Coordinating Committee for the Prediction of Volcanic Eruptions of the JMA to learn about the changes in the crater falling ash and pyroclastic flows.  Image  Kuchinoerabu Island just after the eruption shot by DAICHI 2  When volcanic activity begun at Sakurajima and Hakone DAICHI 2 also observed the status with its capacity of detecting tectonic movements down to centimeters. The acquired data was also analyzed by disaster prevention agencies for use by JMA to determine the level of alert warning issues and for respective municipal governments to set up access restrictions. JAXA continues to support disaster measures through satellite technology. ",Japan
"   Central emergency communications council  The council was established for smooth communication in times of emergencies like a natural disaster and it honors individuals and organizations that make significant achievements in this area. ",Japan
" JAXA NAOJ NINS and NASA release partial eclipse images and videos taken on March 9 with the Solar Physics Satellite Hinode . The images and videos were taken on March 9 2016 at 9 08 JST with the X Ray Telescope  XRT  aboard Hinode  during its flight above the Indonesian sky at an altitude of 680km. During this period international joint observations were performed between Hinode  and ground based observation teams in Indonesia. The X ray solar images and videos can be downloaded from below. ",Japan
" Feb. 29 2016 Updated Hitomi critical operation phase successfully completed  ",Japan
" JAXA confirmed the completion of a sequence of important operations of the X ray Astronomy Satellite Hitomi   ASTRO H  including turning the cooling system on test operation of the Soft X ray Spectrometer  SXS  and extending the Extensible Optical Bench  EOB . With this confirmation the critical operation phase of Hitomi was completed. The Hitomi will take about one and half months to verify the function of its onboard equipment and instruments in space then we will conduct calibration observations for another one and half months. ",Japan
" Feb. 17 2016 Updated ASTRO H successfully launched and named Hitomi . ",Japan
" H IIA F30 with the ASTRO H onboard launched at 5 45 p.m. on Feb 17 2016  JST  from the Tanegashima Space Center. The rocket flew smoothly and at about 14 minutes after liftoff ASTRO H was separated from the H IIA F30. ASTRO H is the eye to study the hot and energetic universe. Therefore we name ASTRO H Hitomi. The word Hitomi.generally means eye and specifically the pupil or entrance window of the eye   the aperture  ",Japan
" Feb. 14 2016 Updated ASTRO H Launch rescheduled to 5 45 p.m. on Feb 17  Wed. JST  ",Japan
" The launch of the The X ray Astronomy Satellite ASTRO H by the H IIA Launch Vehicle No. 30 was rescheduled at 5 45 p.m. on Feb 17  Wed. Japan Standard Time JST  after carefully studying the weather conditions. The live launch report will begin at 5 25 p.m. on Feb 17 Wed. JST . The report will be broadcast through the Internet. Please send your support messages for the mission  ",Japan
" Feb. 12 2016 Updated The X ray Astronomy Satellite ASTRO H launch postponement ",Japan
" H IIA Launch Vehicle No.30 with the X ray Astronomy Satellite ASTRO H onboard which was originally scheduled for February 12  Fri.  2016  Japan Standard Time  has been rescheduled because bad weather is expected. The new launch day will be announced as soon as it is determined. Your warm support messages are welcomed at the support site. ",Japan
" Feb. 3 2016 Updated ASTRO H Press Kit ",Japan
" As the launch day approaches JAXA has released the press kit for the X ray Astronomy Satellite ASTRO H . It covers ASTRO H s satellite and mission overview scientific missions and observation instruments. Please have a look. ",Japan
" Jan. 21 2016 Updated ASTRO H s development and preparation status is updated on the ASTRO H diary site ",Japan
" Aiming at the launch and success of the mission for some years the Astro H team members have been hard at work at research and development making steady progress. They have faced many tough obstacles along this long road. They have had many moments of success. This diary is an introduction to the daily work life    and to the excitements    of these members. ",Japan
" Jan. 12 2016 Updated ASTRO H Satellite Shown to the Public ",Japan
" On the day marking exactly one month to launch the ASTRO H spacecraft was exhibited to the public at the Tanegashima Space Center. Many questions were asked both about the science goals of ASTRO H and about its engineering. ",Japan
" Dec. 25 2015 Updated The Optical Link Experiment with the Laser Altimeter  LIDAR  ",Japan
" Before and after the Earth swing by the laser altimeter  LIDAR  on Hayabusa2 attempted to receive laser light from the satellite laser ranging  SLR  ground stations. After the swing by the Mt. Stromlo station at SERC  Space Environment Research Centre Australia  in the suburbs of Canberra Australia transmitted laser light towards Hayabusa2. The spacecraft successfully received the beam using the onboard LIDAR that can send and recieve laser signals to accurately establish the range of objects from the spacecraft. At the time of the transmission from Mt. Stomlo Hayabusa2 was 6700000 km from Earth. This success established the one way  up link  of the optical connection. ",Japan
" Dec. 24 2015 Updated Photographing the Earth just before Hayabusa2 s swing by   Complete version ",Japan
" In our previous post we shared images of the Earth taken by Hayabusa2 as the spacecraft approached for the Earth swing by. There we showed the Earth from 09 00 JST  00 00 UT  through to 17 45 JST  08 45 UT . In this post we extend the animation to show all the images that were taken of the Earth from the ONC W2 camera during the Earth approach which runs to 18 30 JST  09 00 UT   Figure 1 . Figure 2 shows the images individually that comprise the animation totaling 19 separate frames. ",Japan
" Dec. 14 2015 Updated Hayabusa2  Successful Earth swing by and heading to Ryugu ",Japan
" JAXA confirmed that the Asteroid Explorer Hayabusa2  entered its target orbit to travel to an asteroid Ryugu after the Earth swing by on Dec. 3. ",Japan
" The Hayabusa2 took images of the Earth using its onboard Optical Navigation Camera   Telescopic  ONC T  after the swing by. You can see the Australian continent and Antarctica in the image. Meteorological satellites including the Himawari cannot take images of the Antarctic area hence the shot this time is precious. ",Japan
" Dec. 11 2015 Updated X ray Astronomy Satellite ASTRO H to be launched on Feb. 12 ",Japan
" The new generation X ray astronomy satellite ASTRO H is set for launch on February 12  Fri.  by the H IIA Launch Vehicle No. 30 from the Tanegashima Space Center. JAXA will broadcast a live launch report on the launch day. We will announce more details later. Please look forward to the launch  ",Japan
" Dec. 9 2015 Updated AKATSUKI successfully inserted into Venus  orbit ",Japan
" As a result of measuring and calculating the AKATSUKI s orbit after its thrust ejection on Dec. 7 JAXA found that the AKATSUKI was inserted into the Venus orbit. We have already received images from three instruments whose function has already been confirmed namely the Ultraviolet Imager  UVI  the Longwave IR camera  LIR  and the 1 m camera  IR1 . We will check the function of the three other scientific mission instruments and perform initial observation for about three months while gradually adjusting the orbit for shifting its elliptical orbit to the period of about nine days. The regular operation is scheduled to start in April 2016. Image  Venus taken by UVI on Dec. 7  JST . ",Japan
" Dec. 7 2015 Updated AKATSUKI attitude control engine thrust operation performed as scheduled ",Japan
" JAXA performed the attitude control engine thrust operation of the Venus Climate Orbiter AKATSUKI  for its Venus orbit insertion from 8 51 a.m. on December 7  Japan Standard Time . As a result of analyzing data transmitted from the orbiter we confirmed that the thrust emission of the attitude control engine was conducted for about 20 minutes as scheduled  The orbiter is now in good health. We are currently measuring and calculating its orbit after the operation. It will take a few days to estimate the orbit thus we will announce the operation result once it is determined. We welcome your support messages to the AKATSUKI mission and its project team members  ",Japan
" Dec. 7 2015 Updated Test image acquisition by AKATSUKI onboard cameras  on Dec. 1 2015  ",Japan
" The AKATSUKI had been maintaining a safe posture by facing its mounting surface of the high gain antenna toward the sun as that surface is relatively strong against heat. In that posture the onboard cameras which were stowed in the main body of the orbiter were not able to change their view direction. Since the end of November 2015 even in that position Venus came into the view of the cameras and on Dec. 1 three onboard cameras Ultraviolet imager  UVI  1 m camera  IR1  and Longwave IR camera  LIR shot images of the planet. The distance between the AKATSUKI and Venus at that time was about 1.1 million kilometers which is about three times that between the moon and the Earth. We were able to download the acquired ultraviolet images  wavelength 365 nm  by the UVI and near infrared image  wavelength 900 nm  by IR1 on Dec. 7 and confirmed that the image shooting went well. Left image by UVI and right ones by IR1 ",Japan
" Dec. 3 2015 Updated Hayabusa2 Earth Swing by ",Japan
" JAXA performed an Earth swing by operation of the Hayabusa2 on the night of Dec 3  Thu.  2015  Japan Standard Time . The Hayabusa2 flew closest to the Earth at 7 08 p.m.  JST  and passed over the Pacific Ocean around the Hawaii islands at an altitude of about 3090 km. After its closest flight to the Earth we have confirmed the good health of the Hayabusa2. It will take about a week to confirm if the explorer entered the target orbit. ",Japan
" Dec. 2 2015 Updated ASTRO H press day ",Japan
" The X ray Astronomy Satellite ASTRO H  was revealed to the media on Nov. 27 at the Tsukuba Space Center. The ASTRO H is an astronomy satellite to elucidate the structure of space and its evolution through studying high temperature and high energy celestial bodies such as black holes supernova remnants and galaxy clusters by X rays and gamma rays. X rays and gamma rays from space are absorbed in the Earth s atmosphere thus they cannot be observed on the Earth. Therefore observation in space is necessary. The ASTRO H was developed as a successor to the Suzaku also an X ray astronomy satellite. The ASTRO H is a flagship mission of X ray astronomy with the participation of over 200 researchers in its development from various domestic and international universities and research institutions including JAXA and NASA. Four new observation systems developed based on broad scale international cooperation are installed on the ASTRO H hence compared to the Suzaku it will be able to perform spectroscopic observations on celestial bodies 10 times to 100 times darker than what the Suzaku was capable of doing. ",Japan
" Nov. 27 2015 Updated Hayabusa2 took images of the moon and Earth ",Japan
" The Hayabusa2 which is flying closer to the Earth for its scheduled swing by photographed the moon and the Earth simultaneously using its onboard Optical Navigation Camera Telephoto  ONC T  at 12 46 p.m. on November 26 2015  Japan Standard Time . On the right is the Earth and you can see the moon on the left. The ONC T has a multiple number of filters for observing the asteroid Ryugu . The image data this time was acquired by using three of the filters and a pseudo color image was compiled by assigning the three as R  red  G  green  and B  blue . The distance between the Hayabusa2 and the Earth was about three million kilometers. You can see the Australian continent on the right the Eurasian continent covered by clouds on the left and the white vertical areas between them are clouds over the equator. The ONC T was jointly developed by JAXA the University of Tokyo Chiba Institute of Technology Rikkyo University Meiji University Nagoya University the University of Aizu and Kochi University. ",Japan
"  The images here were trimmed for the sake of the website. Please have a look at JAXA Digital Archives for the original image. ",Japan
" Nov. 27 2015 Updated IBUKI methane observation data  close correlation between methane concentration and human activity ",Japan
" As a result of analyzing three year observation data acquired by the Greenhouse Gas Observing Satellite IBUKI   GOSAT  until Dec. 2012 the concentration of methane is higher in areas where anthropogenically derived methane emission is intense such as densely populated areas large scale agricultural regions natural gas and oil producing refining areas compared to other surround areas. In addition intimate correlation was found between anthropogenically derived methane concentration observed by IBUKI and the concentration estimated by actual emission data  inventory    therefore IBUKI can be a viable monitor verification tool for methane emission by human activity. We will survey research and analyze anthropogenically derived methane concentration more frequently by using a multiple number of satellite data to further enhance estimation accuracy. Our achievements will be applied to the successor of IBUKI  GOSAT 2  to contribute to promotion of global warming measures. ",Japan
"   Statistic data indicating how much of specific substance  such as air pollutant and hazardous chemical substance  is emitted from where in a specific period of time. ",Japan
" Nov. 16 2015 Updated Public release of whole atmosphere monthly mean CO2 concentration based on observations by IBUKI ",Japan
" IBUKI  GOSAT  has been in operation since its launch on January 23 2009. The whole atmosphere monthly mean concentration of carbon dioxide  CO2  calculated by using GOSAT data that reflect CO2 levels in all layers of the atmosphere was found to have reached 398.8 ppm in May 2015 while showing seasonal oscillation and yearly rise over the analyzed period. It was also confirmed that the trend line of the whole atmosphere CO2 mean  average seasonal cycle removed  had reached 398.2 ppm in July 2015. The trend line is expected to exceed 400 ppm within the year 2016 given that the rising trend continues. The GOSAT observation elucidates for the first time that CO2 concentration averaged over all layers of the atmosphere will soon reach the level of 400 ppm and demonstrates the importance of global greenhouse gas monitoring from space. ",Japan
" Nov. 9 2015 Updated AKATSUKI  Second attempt to enter Venus orbit ",Japan
" The Venus Climate Orbiter AKATSUKI will try to enter the orbit of Venus on Dec. 7  Mon.  after five years of operation. We are welcoming support messages. After AKATSUKI s failure to enter Venus  orbit on Dec. 7 2010 JAXA investigated the cause and considered a second attempt schedule while operating the satellite for a long period. Now on Dec. 7 2015 coincidentally the same day on the calendar as the previous attempt we will perform the injection for the second time. The AKATSUKI is in a good condition and it will take a few days of confirmation to know the result. Your support for the AKATSUKI and its project team members is very much appreciated. ",Japan
" Nov. 2 2015 Updated Hayabusa2 set for Earth swing by  Your support messages welcomed. ",Japan
" The Asteroid Explorer Hayabusa2  will fly near the Earth to perform an Earth swing by utilizing the Earth s gravity on Dec. 3  Thur.  for its orbit control. The Hayabusa2 which soared into space on Dec. 3 2014 will coincidentally come close to the Earth on Dec. 3  Thur.  2015 to conduct the Earth swing by. The explorer will fly closest to the Earth at around 7 07 p.m. on that day  Japan Standard Time . After the swing by the Hayabusa2 will head to its target asteroid Ryugu . Your support for the mission will be very welcomed. We are waiting for your support messages to the explorer itself project personnel and the overall mission. ",Japan
" Nov. 2 2015 Updated Release of the JAXA Realtime Rainfall Watch ",Japan
" Earth Observation Research Center  EORC  of Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency  JAXA  has developed GSMaP realtime version  GSMaP NOW  providing rainfall information of current hour and released those information through a new webpage JAXA Realtime Rainfall Watch . While GSMaP near real time version  GSMaP NRT  is provided with 4 hour data latency which consists of 3 hour for data gathering and 1 hour for processing GSMaP NOW is provided in quasi realtime and updated every half hour. For example hourly GSMaP NOW image and data during 0930Z and 1029Z is available at around 1030Z through the web site. ",Japan
" Nov. 2 2015 Updated ASTRO H sinusoidal vibration test ",Japan
" The sinusoidal vibration test of the X ray astronomy satellite ASTRO H  was held between Aug. 29 and Oct. 2 at the Tsukuba Space Center. The sinusoidal vibration test aims at two major evaluation objectives namely evaluating dynamic characteristics of a satellite structure and assessing its strength by loading vibrations equivalent to that at the launch. On Oct. 2 the last vibration test was completed then planned dynamic characteristics data was acquired and the strength of the satellite structure against a vibration load equivalent to that at the time of launch was verified. ",Japan
" Oct. 20 2015 Updated Suzaku reveals average chemical composition of our Universe on largest scales ",Japan
" All of the chemical elements that are heavier than carbon the oxygen we breathe the silicon that makes up the sand on the beach were produced inside stars through nuclear fusion and released by stellar explosions called supernovae. By measuring the chemical composition of the Universe scientists are trying to reconstruct the history of how when and where each of the chemical elements so necessary for the evolution of life were produced. ",Japan
" Oct. 5 2015 Updated Ryugu  was selected as name of Hayabusa2 target asteroid ",Japan
" Asteroid 1999 JU3 a target of the Asteroid Explorer Hayabusa2  was named Ryugu . One major reason for the selection was that in the Japanese ancient story Urashima Taro  the main character Taro Urashima brought back a casket from the Dragon s palace or the Ryugu  Castle at the bottom of the ocean and the theme of bringing back a treasure  is common as the Hayabusa2 will also bring back a capsule with samples. It was selected among 7336 entries. The Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research  LINEAR  Team of the United States which discovered 1999 JU3 proposed the suggested name of Ryugu  to the International Asteroid Union  IAU  and it was finalized by being listed on the Minor Planet Names  Alphabetical List of the IAU Minor Planet Center. Thank you very much to so many of you who took part in the naming campaign. ",Japan
" Sep. 2 2015 Updated Hayabusa2 additional ion engine operation for Earth swing by ",Japan
" On Sept. 1  Tue.  and 2  Wed.  the ion engine of the Hayabusa2 was additionally operated in order to increase the orbit control accuracy for the Earth swing by. The additional jet emission was completed as scheduled and the ion engine was operated for about 12 hours in total. We will analyze telemetry data  data sent from the explorer to indicate its condition  in detail to confirm the status of the engine during the operation and orbit control before and after the emission. Figure  Positional relation of Hayabusa2 the Earth the Sun and Asteroid 1999JU3  Schematic as of Sept. 1 2015  ",Japan
" Aug. 31 2015 Updated AKATSUKI passed the perihelion ",Japan
" The Venus Climate Orbiter AKATSUKI  flew at the closest point to the Sun the perihelion on its orbit at around 2 00 a.m. on Aug. 30 2015. It is the ninth time of passing the perihelion since its launch in 2010. The AKATSUKI is still in a difficult state regarding the thermal environment even after it flew away from the perihelion. We will keep watching and checking the condition of the AKATSUKI s onboard instruments very carefully. ",Japan
" Aug. 26 2015 Updated Suzaku completes its scientific observations ",Japan
" JAXA determined that it is difficult to resume scientific observations of the X ray Astronomy Satellite Suzaku  whose communication functions have been intermittently failing since June 1 2015 despite our efforts to restore the regular operation. The decision to complete the observations was made after carefully examining the conditions of not only communication but also batteries and attitude control. JAXA will perform necessary procedures to halt the Suzaku s operation. ",Japan
" Aug. 5 2015 Updated AKATSUKI  Orbit successfully controlled ",Japan
" JAXA performed an orbit control maneuver for the Venus Climate Orbiter AKATSUKI  in late July in preparation for its re injection into the Venus orbit scheduled for Dec. 7 2015. According to the analysis of telemetry data acquired up to Aug. 2 the orbit control and correction was successfully conducted as scheduled by 5 30 p.m. on August 4.  All dates and time are Japan Standard Time.  ",Japan
" Aug. 3 2015 Updated ASTRO H thermal vacuum test ",Japan
" The thermal vacuum test was held for the X ray Astronomy Satellite ASTRO H  between June 24 and July 9 in a 13 meter chamber at the Tsukuba Space Center. The purposes of the thermal vacuum test are to verify the thermal model by exposing a satellite to the vacuum and thermal environment and to confirm the function and performance of observation instruments in the on orbit environment through an electric test. All tested items were satisfactorily confirmed including the expected performance of the onboard instruments verification of the command function to be used in orbit and calibration data acquisition. ",Japan
" Jul. 29 2015 Updated Communication establishment training with satellites using KIZUNA in a prediction of the Nankai Trough earthquake ",Japan
" On July 29 2015 JAXA and NICT offered the Internet environment with asatellite when the Japan Medical Association  JMA  conducted the satellite use demonstration in a prediction of the Nankai Trough earthquake  Disaster preparation drill  2015.  The communication environment was established by setting up a ground station in each JMA prefectural office under the assumption that communication lines were cut off due to a large scale disaster. We transmitted high definition images from a small mobile station on a NICT car via the KIZUNA and shared information with a virtual disaster stricken area using the Disaster Relief Aircraft Information Sharing Network  D  NET .  Image  Mobile VSAT  in Kochi prefectural office.  ",Japan
" Jul. 22 2015 Updated Naming Proposal Campaign  Become a godparent of asteroid 1999 JU3 destination of Hayabusa2  ",Japan
" JAXA is holding a naming proposal campaign to christen the asteroid 1999 JU3which the Hayabusa2 is scheduled to visit in June or July 2018. Why don t you try to become a godparent of the asteroid  The application period is from 1 30 p.m. on July 22 thru 11 59 p.m. on August 31  Japan Standard Time.  ",Japan
" August 31 2015 at 11 59 p.m.  Japan Standard Time .  Extended from 10 00  ",Japan
" Jul. 9 2015 Updated AKATSUKI to perform fourth orbit control to Venus ",Japan
" The AKATSUKI will perform an orbit control for the fourth time  DV4  Delta Velocity 4  from July 17 targeting to be injected into the Venus orbit again in December 2015. The control will be divided into three performances. The orbit control this time aims at correcting AKATSUKI s orbit to one that is advantageous to its observations after being injected into the Venus orbit. We will use four attitude control engines on the upper part of the explorer this time to take this opportunity to also verify their performance for re entry in December. ",Japan
" Jun. 22 2015 Updated TRMM ends its 17 years of observations ",Japan
" The Japan U.S. joint satellite project Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission TRMM  satellite re entered the atmosphere at 12 55 p.m. on June 16 2015  Japan Standard Time  over the South Indian Ocean. The TRMM satellite launched by the H II Launch Vehicle No. 6 on Nov. 28 1997 far exceeded its design life of three years and two months and continued observations for 17 years to contribute to research on the study of precipitation. ",Japan
" Real time compilation of global precipitation distribution by observation data acquired mainly by the TRMM and other satellites. ",Japan
" Precipitation data acquired by the TRMM has been used not only for weather observations and forecasts but also for flood warnings and monitoring droughts. ",Japan
" TRMM achievements and heritage are succeeded by the GPM core observatory with the Dual frequency Precipitation Radar  DPR  onboard. The DPR is the upgraded Precipitation Radar  PR  of the TRMM. ",Japan
" Jun. 12 2015 Updated Hopes to recover normal operation after Suzaku communication failure ",Japan
" The X ray Astronomy Satellite Suzaku   ASTRO EII  continues its operation after exceeding its target life of about two years. However since June1 2015 communication with the Suzaku has been intermittently cut off so that we can confirm its operational status only when communication is established. We now assume that insufficient power is causing the discontinued communication. Thus we are doing our best to gather more accurate information of the operational status based on accumulated data through sporadic communication. It will take some time at least one to two months to try to restore the normal observation operation. As a first step we will stabilize the attitude of the Suzaku then find a method to secure sufficient power. ",Japan
" Jun. 8 2015 Updated Hayabusa2 second ion engine continuous operation completed ",Japan
" The Hayabusa2 has been continuously operating its ion engine for the second time since June 2 and successfully completed its operations at 0 25 a.m. on June 7  Japan Standard Time.  The second continuous operation lasted for 102 hours as scheduled. The Hayabusa2 performed the ion engine continuous operation in preparation for the Earth swing by planned in December and the total hours of the first and second operations  409 hours and 102 hours respectively  reached 511 hours. The ion engine operation may be conducted again if needs arise for subtle orbit change after carefully examining the second operation result. ",Japan
" May 29 2015 Updated IKAROS enters hibernation mode for 5th time ",Japan
" JAXA has been confirming the status of the Small Solar Power Sail Demonstrator IKAROS  by receiving data from it since April 2015 when the IKAROS woke up from its hibernation mode. We however could not receive radio waves from the IKAROS on May 21 thus we determined that the demonstrator had shifted to the hibernation mode for the fifth time as we expected. According to the last data acquired in May the position of the IKAROS is about 110 million kilometers away from the Earth and about 130 million kilometers from the sun. No anomaly was found in the IKAROS from data we have obtained. We anticipate that it will come out from the 5th hibernation mode in the winter of 2015. ",Japan
" May 18 2015 Updated World Elevation Data  30 meter mesh version  is now available at JAXA s site free of charge  ",Japan
" JAXA will begin publishing free of charge an elevation data set that can express undulations of terrain over the world with a resolution of 30 meters horizontally  30 m mesh version . The data set has been compiled with images acquired by the DAICHI  ALOS . As the first step we will offer the areas in East Asia including Japan and South East Asia regions and will expand the areas to all over the world  within 82 deg. of N S latitudes . This data set is expected to be useful for scientific research education as well as the private service sector that uses geospatial information. ",Japan
" May 14 2015 Updated Agreement concluded with MLIT on DAICHI 2 observation data ",Japan
" JAXA concluded an agreement with the Kyushu Regional Development Bureau of the Ministry of Land Infrastructure Transport and Tourism  MLIT  on April 30 2015 to provide observation data by the Advanced Land Observing Satellite 2 DAICHI 2   ALOS 2 . The purpose of the agreement is to survey  1  secular changes of landscape and ash fall and  2  isolated islands for their up keep. We will work together to conduct surveys more efficiently with broader covering areas by mutually sharing and studying observation data possessed by the Kyushu Regional Development Bureau and JAXA s satellite data. Taking this opportunity of concluding the agreement we would like to contribute to a safe and secure society by expanding the use of satellites. ",Japan
" May 12 2015 Updated Mercury Magnetosphere Orbiter arrived at European Space Research and Technology Center ",Japan
" The Mercury Magnetosphere Orbiter  MMO  which left the Sagamihara Campus in mid April arrived at the European Space Research and Technology Centre  ESTEC  in the Netherlands on April 16. The MMO will be tested there then launched with the Mercury Planetary Orbiter  MPO  of the European Space Cagney  ESA  from the Guiana Space Center  in French Guiana  in JFY 2016. ",Japan
" Apr. 30 2015 Updated IKAROS wakes up from hibernation mode for the 4th time ",Japan
" The IKAROS seemed to wake up from its hibernation mode in mid March 2015 and JAXA searched for it based on its attitude and orbit prediction to receive its radio waves. On April 23  Thu.  we successfully found the IKAROS which is flying at a distance of about 120 million kilometers from the Earth. We will continue to receive data from the IKAROS until May to confirm its condition and analyze the information. ",Japan
" The IKAROS launched in May 2010 completed its mission and is now revolving around the sun about every 10 months. Power generation is insufficient for seven months out of 10 so the IKAROS goes into hibernation mode for this period by shutting down instruments. For the remaining three months the IKAROS is awake with enough power so that we can receivedata from it. ",Japan
" Apr. 21 2015 Updated Soft Gamma ray Detectors  SGDs  installation on ASTRO H completed ",Japan
" Two Soft Gamma ray Detectors  SGDs  which successfully went through the thermal vacuum test and the cooling test were installed onto the ASTRO H. The photo shows the SGD2 on the ASTRO H with a debris cover and a radiator. A golden color MLI  multi layer insulation  will wrap them so that they will not be seen from outside. All the observation instruments are now installed on the ASTRO H so its preparations for launch are turning the final corner. We will work harder to overcome the many remaining hurdles including the functional test thermal vacuum test and vibration test. ",Japan
" Apr. 10 2015 Updated Baton pass to new Hayabusa2 project manager ",Japan
" The Hayabusa2 is stably flying in space. The new fiscal year has just started in Japan and JAXA is taking a new step as we became a National Research and Development Agency from the previous independent administrative agency. The Hayabusa2 project is also taking a fresh step with a new team including handing the baton over to a new project manager. All members of the project are engaged in the mission with a fresh mindset. ",Japan
" Message from New Project Manager Yuichi Tsuda ",Japan
" The Hayabusa2 is stably flying since its launch and smoothly continuing it interplanetary cruising. I can therefore take over the mission at the best condition from my predecessor former Project Manager Hitoshi Kuninaka who led the development of the project. With many operation experts joining the new team we would like to successfully send the Hayabusa2 to the asteroid 1999JU3 and have it come home safely. The Hayabusa2 mission is challenging an unexplored field. We would like to contribute to enhancing the value of technology science and space exploration through our accomplishments in traveling through the solar system in this six year mission. ",Japan
" Message from Former Project Manager Hitoshi Kuninaka ",Japan
" As the development phase is over Hayabusa2 s deep space exploration has started. At the beginning of this fiscal year a multiple number of our project members including myself were subject to personnel changes. Our team worked well with good team spirit to tackle and overcome various obstacles and difficulties. Therefore I felt a bit disappointed to see part of the team was shuffled. Having said that those who remain in the team as well as the leaving members vow to work hard and do our best using our expertise in space projects no matter what department we are assigned to. Your continued support for the Hayabusa2 is very much appreciated. ",Japan
" Photo  left  New Project Manager Yuichi Tsuda right  Former Project Manager Hitoshi Kuninaka ",Japan
" Mar. 27 2015 Updated Galaxy Scale Outflow of Matter Stimulated by a Monster Black hole ",Japan
" By the observations from the Japan led Suzaku X ray satellite adn the European Space Agency s infrared Herschel Space Observatory scientists have discovered the first proof that a fierce outward wind  is produced when a huge black hole consumes a large mass of material and the wind is source of outflow of matter at the galaxy scale. Detail analysis of spectral data acquired from Suzaku s on board CCD camera found that active galactic nucleus are blown out from near edge of a center huge black hole every year at equivalent of 1.5 solar mass and at about 30  of light speed. They further describe that the black hole s activity is responsible for blowing star forming gas out of the galaxy s central regions. When the black hole shines at its brightest the researchers say it s also effectively clearing gas and dust from the galaxy s central regions and shutting down star formation there. The scientists think the observed galaxy known as IRAS F11119 3257 represents an early phase in the evolution of a quasar a type of black hole powered galaxy with extreme luminosity across a broad wavelength range. This research outcome indicates that the black hole s activity in galactic center is a key to understand the evolution of the host galaxy. This research outcome is published in the March 26 edition of Nature. ",Japan
" Mar. 25 2015 Updated HISAKI s first observation of Jupiter s magnetosphere ",Japan
" A research team led by Researcher Tomoki Kimura  researcher of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency as well as a research fellowship for young scientist of the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science  captured a sudden brightening  auroral expansion  through long term continuous observations of Jupiter by the Spectroscopic Planet Observatory for Recognition of Atmosphere HISAKI and clarified for the first time in the world that this phenomenon was caused by the rapid rotation of Jupiter. ",Japan
" Mar. 19 2015 Updated The Mercury Magnetosphere Orbiter  MMO  was shown to the media ",Japan
" The Mercury Magnetosphere Orbiter  MMO  was shown to the media on March 15. The Mercury Exploration Mission BepiColomobo is now under development with a target launch for JFY 2016. The MMO will be shipped to Europe soon to be placed in the BepiColombo. ",Japan
" Mar. 5 2015 Updated Hayabusa2 initial functional confirmation completed and moved to cruising phase to asteroid ",Japan
" The Asteroid Explorer Hayabusa2  launched on Dec. 3 2014 completed its initial functional confirmation period of about three months. The explorer was moving to the cruising phase on March 3 while heading to the asteroid 1999 JU3.  The Hayabusa2 is in good health. It will be under preparatory operation including speed increase by continuous operation of the ion engines for an Earth swing by scheduled in Nov. or Dec. 2015. ",Japan
" Feb. 6 2015 Updated AKATSUKI to be re injected into Venus orbit on Dec. 7 ",Japan
" After failing to be injected into the Venus orbit in Dec. 2010 JAXA has been carefully considering another injection attempt opportunity for the Venus Climate Orbiter AKATSUK  to the Venus orbit when the orbiter meets Venus in the winter of 2015. As a result of detailed study JAXA decided to inject the AKATSUKI into the orbit on December 7  Mon.  2015. After being injected into the orbit the AKATSUKI will observe the atmosphere of Venus which is often referred to as a twin sister of the Earth through remote sensing. Its observations are expected to develop Planetary Meteorology further by elucidating the atmospheric circulation mechanism and studying the comparison with the Earth. ",Japan
" Feb. 3 2015 Updated Hayabusa2 in great shape   Initial functional confirmation going smoothly ",Japan
" The Hayabusa2 launched on Dec. 3 2014  JST  is now undergoing the initial functional confirmation. Basic operations and performance of onboard instruments and ground systems have been tested one by one as of the end of January. Here are some major examples of what we confirmed. ",Japan
" Ion engine test operation  one unit at a time  Four ion engines were being operated one by one. A thrust of 7 10 mN was generated on the orbit for the first time. ",Japan
" Establishing communication by Ka band communication equipment  Between Jan. 5 to 10 2015  Communication was successful between the Hayabusa2 and NASA DSN stations to establish deep space Ka band communication for the first time for a Japanese space explorer. Ka band communication will be used to send observation data during the mission for the Hayabusa2 to stay near the asteroid. ",Japan
" Ion engine can autonomously operate for 24 hours. Long duration of autonomous operation   1  with two or three ion engines was tested and 24 hour continuous operation was attained. The maximum thrust was confirmed to be about 28 mN which is the expected value. ",Japan
" The explorer is currently in good shape. We will further confirm the coordinated function of multiple instruments of the Hayabusa2 and plan to move to the cruise operation phase   2  sometime in March. ",Japan
"  1 The autonomous operation is automatic control of an engine without instructions from the ground.  2 The mode of full scale navigation operation toward the asteroid through acceleration and orbit control by ion engine thrust. ",Japan
" Jan. 25 2015 Updated Thermal vacuum test for Soft Gamma ray Detectors ",Japan
" The Soft Gamma ray Detectors  SGD  to observe the soft gamma ray region of 60 to 600 keV are under the thermal vacuum test in the 8 meter chamber at the Tsukuba Space Center to confirm their thermal design. The sensor part of the SGD does not activate till the temperature hits a low temperature of minus 20 degrees  C . However the SGDs will be installed outside of the satellite panel thus their temperature will increase from radiation from the Sun and the Earth thermal input from the satellite panel and heat from a large amount of LSI  large scale integrated circuits  and an amplifier if nothing is done. Therefore the accumulating heat will be carried to the radiator through thermal transfer and a heat pipe to be released and the SGD will be covered by the multi layer insulation  MLI  which looks like a bunch of aluminum foils to shut out heat input. The semiconductor sensor is also activated with high voltage of 200 to 1000 V hence it should also be tested if it would discharge in vacuum. Photo  The SGD 2 sits in the 8 meter chamber. ",Japan
" Jan. 23 2015 Updated ALOS 2 CIRC data is open to public  ",Japan
" After the calibration and validation of ALOS 2 CIRC JAXA confirmed the data quality of ALOS 2 CIRC is adequate. All ALOS 2 CIRC data is avaliable from CIRC observation data search if user follows the CIRC data policy. The ultimate goal of the CIRC project is to minimize the damage and impact caused by forest fires as well as contributing to urban planning and our understanding of volcanic disasters. ",Japan
" Jan. 20 2015 Updated Highly detailed data of far infrared all sky image ",Japan
" A team led by the University of Tokyo compiled a new far infrared all sky image using data acquired by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite AKARI. JAXA also cooperated with the team for image data compilation and its publication. The resolution of the compiled data is four to five times better than the previous far infrared all sky image and its observation wave length is also longer. The image data is published on the ISAS site for the use of world researchers. ",Japan
" Jan. 9 2015 Updated AKATSUKI heading to Venus again ",Japan
" The Venus Climate Orbiter AKATUSKI  has been flying on an orbit in which it could meet Venus again in 2015 since it carried out orbit control maneuvers three times in 2011 after its failure to be injected into the target orbit due to damage to its main engine in Dec. 2010. On the current orbit the orbiter has been exposed to heat that is about three times hotter than that of the Earth thus we are concerned if some instruments might have been damaged. Fortunately the deterioration rate of the thermal insulation material has been subsided and we are now planning to control the AKATSUKI to inject it into the Venus orbit while monitoring the conditions of the orbiter including the temperature of each instrument and part. ",Japan
" Dec. 26 2014 Updated Global Change Observation Mission   Climate  GCOM C  mission logo ",Japan
" A mission logo for the Global Change Observation Mission   Climate  GCOM C  has been selected. GCOM C is a satellite mission to clarify the climate change mechanism such as global warming as well as to monitor the status of flying yellow sand and to observe ocean plankton to estimate fishing points by acquiring various data on the Earth that is considered to have an impact on climate change. The design of the GCOM C mission logo is a simplified drawing of clouds dust in the atmosphere  aerosols  vegetation  forests  snow ice and ocean. The evergreen color which is a traditional Japanese color was selected for the basic color of the logo. The color shows our desire that the mission will constantly thrive for a long time like leave colors of evergreen trees such as Japanese pines and cedars. GCOM C is under development to be ready for launch in JFY 2016. ",Japan
" Dec. 25 2014 Updated IBUKI  GOSAT  Satellite s Historically Unprecedented Observation of Anthropogenic CO2 Emissions of Mega City Regions from Space ",Japan
" The Greenhouse gases Observing SATellite IBUKI developed jointly by the Ministry of the Environment  MOE  the National Institute for Environmental Studies  NIES  and the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency  JAXA  is the world s only satellite designed specifically to monitor greenhouse gases from space. The satellite has continued to fulfill its main mission in monitoring atmospheric carbon dioxide  CO2  and methane concentrations from space to improve the accuracy of sink source estimates and achieve its target to contribute to precision refinement for the ongoing elucidation of carbon cycles since its launch on January 23 2009. ",Japan
" Dec. 5 2014 Updated Hayabusa2 flying smoothly  ",Japan
" JAXA confirmed the completion of a sequence of the important operations for the Hayabusa2 mission. With this confirmation the critical operation phase  of the Hayabusa2 was completed. The explorer is now in a stable condition. ",Japan
" We would like to express our sincere appreciation to all parties and personnel concerned for their support and cooperation with the Hayabusa2 launch and tracking control operations. In addition we would also like to ask for your continued cooperation and support for the long term Hayabusa2 space exploration mission. ",Japan
" Please send your support messages for the mission   you can send a message from Hayabusa2 Project page or tweet with hashtag  hayabusa2 . ",Japan
" Dec. 3 2014 Updated Hayabusa2 successfully launched  ",Japan
" H IIA F26 with the Asteroid Explorer Hayabusa2 onboard launched at 1 22 04 p.m. on Dec 3 2014  JST  from the Tanegashima Space Center. The rocket flew smoothly and at about approximately one hour 47 minutes and 21 seconds after liftoff Hayabusa2 was separated from the H IIA F26. We will update you with the latest information on the Hayabusa2 on the project page. Please send your support messages for the mission   you can send a message from Hayabusa2 Project page or tweet with hashtag  hayabusa2 . ",Japan
" Nov. 30 2014 Updated Hayabusa2 Launch rescheduled to 1 22 04 p.m. on December 3  Mon.  2014 ",Japan
" Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. and JAXA have decided to postpone the launch of Hayabusa2 and piggyback payloads by the H IIA F26 to 1 22 04 p.m. on Dec 3  Wed. JST . ",Japan
" The live launch report will begin at 12 25 p.m. on December 3  Mon.  JST . The report will be broadcast through the Internet. Please send your support messages for the mission   you can send a message from Hayabusa2 Project page or tweet with hashtag  hayabusa2 . ",Japan
" We decided to postpone as a result of the go no go decision meeting today which carefully checked the weather forecast and found that strong wind exceeding the weather restrictions was projected around the launch pad at the scheduled launch time on the previous schedule launch day of Dec. 1  Mon.  2014.  The launch may be delayed further depending on weather conditions and other factors. ",Japan
" Nov. 29 2014 Updated Hayabusa2 Launch rescheduled to 1 22 43 p.m. on December 1  Mon.  2014 ",Japan
" The launch of the Asteroid Explorer Hayabusa2 and three micro piggyback payloads by the H IIA Launch Vehicle No. 26 was rescheduled at 1 22 43 p.m. on December 1  Mon. Japan Standard Time JST  after carefully studying the weather conditions. Accordingly the live launch report will begin at 12 25 p.m. on December 1  Mon.  JST . The report will be broadcast through the Internet. Please send your support messages for the mission or tweet it including the hashtag  hayabusa2. ",Japan
" Nov. 28 2014 Updated Hayabusa2 launch postponement ",Japan
" H IIA Launch Vehicle No.26 with the Asteroid Explorer Hayabusa2 onboard has been rescheduled as clouds including a freezing layer that exceeds the restrictions for suitable weather are forecast to be generated at around the scheduled launch time on November 30  Sun.  2014  Japan Standard Time.  The new launch day will be announced as soon as it is determined. ",Japan
" Nov. 27 2014 Updated New movie Ready to Face New Challenges  Hayabusa2   ",Japan
" The new video clip titled Ready to Face New Challenges  Hayabusa2   was uploaded to the YouTube. It has been four years since the Hayabusa s dramatic return from spacebringing back the world s first samples from an asteroid. To further clarify the mystery of the origin and evolution of human beings the Hayabusa2 is leaving for space. This video explains the special features and significance of the Hayabusa2 mission in an easy and simple manner. ",Japan
" Nov. 25 2014 Updated DAICHI 2  Regular Provision of Observation Data ",Japan
" JAXA began regular provision of the Advanced Land Observing Satellite 2 DAICHI 2   ALOS 2  observation data today as we have completed its initial functional confirmation and calibration operations as scheduled. The ALOS 2 Data Distribution Consortium is the contact point for general users to receive DAICHI 2 observation data. Please refer to the press release for further information. ",Japan
" Nov. 4 2014 Updated Hayabusa2 Launch Live Broadcast  by H IIA F26  ",Japan
" JAXA will broadcast a live report of the Asteroid Explorer Hayabusa2 s launch by the H IIA Launch Vehicle No.26  H IIA F26  from the Tanegashima Space Center. The report will cover launch events from the liftoff to the payload separation from the launch vehicle. ",Japan
" Program summary ",Japan
" The broadcast program consists of two parts. The first half mainly focuses on launch events prior to and after liftoff. Then the latter half covers events before and after the Hayabusa2 s separation from the launch vehicle. ",Japan
"  Please be aware that the time schedule of the program is subject to change due to progress of the launch operations. ",Japan
" Program contents ",Japan
" Part I Prior and after liftoff of H IIA F26 Hayabusa2 ",Japan
" Introduction of the Hayabusa2 mission including a VTR of its preparation operation ",Japan
" Introduction of piggyback payloads ",Japan
" Live launch report from the control room ",Japan
"  The scheduled launch time is 1 24 p.m. ",Japan
" Part I broadcast day and time 12 30 p.m. thru 1 45 p.m.  75 minutes  on Nov. 30  Sun.  ",Japan
" Part II ",Japan
" Prior to and after the Hayabusa2 s separation from the launch vehicle ",Japan
"   Images of piggyback payloads  separation will NOT be broadcast.   Hayabusa2 s separation is scheduled to take place one hour and 47 minutes after liftoff. ",Japan
" Part II broadcast day and time 3 00 p.m. to 3 30 p.m.  30 minutes  on Nov. 30  Sun.  ",Japan
" Internet live broadcast ",Japan
" JAXA will distribute our live report through the following Internet channels. ",Japan
"   The copyright of the live broadcast belongs to JAXA.   Please be aware that a slight time lag up to a few minutes may occur due to the Internet s characteristics. We are welcoming support messages at the special site. Please send your messages for the mission or tweet it. To tweet on Twitter please attach the hashtag  hayabusa2. Click the following link to send a message to JAXA. ",Japan
" Nov. 1 2014 Updated BepiColombo MMO system thermal vacuum test ",Japan
" The thermal vacuum test for the Mercury Magnetosphere Orbiter  MMO  of the BepiColombo was performed for three weeks at JAXA Sagamihara Campus. The photos show the transportation of the MMO from a cleanroom to the thermal vacuum chamber. For more details pleas check the JAXA digital archives. ",Japan
" On Oct. 24 2014 the Solar Physics Satellite HINODE  was in a straight line with the Sun and the moon on orbit to observe the annular solar eclipse. JAXA the National Institutes of Natural Science the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan and NASA took images of the scene and published the X ray solar photos and movies of the annular solar eclipse. The HINODE flew into the shadow of the moon  in the antumbra observed during the annular solar eclipse the diameter of which is 187 km  while flying over the North American continent at an altitude of 680 km at around 6 53 a.m. on Oct. 24  JST.  This annular solar eclipse was seen only in orbit and it was observed as a partial solar eclipse from the North American continent  the U.S. and Canada  and other areas on the 23rd  universal time . ",Japan
" The published photos and movies were taken by the X ray telescope  XRT  on the HINODE. The moon appeared from the west of the sun  on the right side on the images  and moved across the disk of the sun toward the east. The XRT captured the black moon in the shape of a crescent in front of the solar corona brightened by X ray. The HINODE is over eight years old since its launch on Sept. 23 2006 and it had met a total eclipse only once before  on March 19 2007  and an annular eclipse twice  Jan. 4 2011 and this time  in orbit. It is quite unusual that a satellite encountered a central eclipse in orbit three times. ",Japan
" Oct. 8 2014 Updated TRMM PR completed the post mission operation ",Japan
" The Precipitation Radar  PR  aboard the Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission  TRMM  satellite completed its post mission operation on October 7 2014  UTC.  The TRMM has been in its 17th year of operation well exceeding its design life expectancy of three years and two months. Launched in November 1997 the TRMM was jointly developed by JAXA and NASA aiming at observing tropical precipitation. The PR was the world s first satellite onboard precipitation radar developed by Japan. 3D observation data of precipitation structure and phenomena acquired by the PR brought about various knowledge and findings that have contributed to elucidating global climate change. The PR mission will continue as it is succeeded by the Dual frequency Precipitation Radar  DPR  aboard the Global Precipitation Mission  GPM  core satellite launched on Feb. 28 2014. Image of precipitation distribution of Typhoon Phanfone  No.19  taken by the PR just before its operation completion on Oct. 7 ",Japan
" Mt. Ontake straddling Nagano and Gifu prefectures erupted at 11 52 a.m. on Sept. 27 2014. JAXA has been observing the volcanic activity and its impact by earth observation satellites. The DAICHI 2 acquired data on Mt. Ontake on Sept. 27 28 and 29. As it started regular observation operations in early August and captured some images of Mt. Ontake prior to the eruption we can compare images taken before and after the incident to study changes and the situation. The following image is a bird s eye view near the peak of Mt. Ontake after the eruption. A depression is found in the area circled yellow. For more details of the observation result by the DAICHI 2 please refer to the following website. ",Japan
" Sep. 30 2014 Updated New voyager to travel deep into space  Hayabusa2 to be launched on Nov. 30 ",Japan
" The launch date and time for the H IIA Launch Vehicle No. 26  H IIA F26  with the Asteroid Explorer Hayabusa2 onboard was decided to be at 1 24 48 p.m. on November 30  Sunday  2014  Japan Standard Time  . Launch site is Yoshinobu Launch Complex at the Tanegashima Space Center.   Launch time will be set for each launch day if the launch is delayed. ",Japan
" The latest information about Hayabusa2 and its launch preparation status will be updated on the Hayabusa2 project page. We welcome your support message for the Hayabusa2. Please send your support messages for the mission or tweet it including the hashtag  hayabusa2. ",Japan
" Sep. 26 2014 Updated HISAKI s first observation of Jupiter s magnetosphere ",Japan
" The Spectroscopic Planet Observatory for Recognition of Interaction of Atmosphere HISAKI launched by the Epsilon Launch Vehicle on Sept. 14 2013 observed Jupiter s magnetosphere using its onboard extreme ultraviolet spectroscope  EUV  and captured evidence that hot electrons flow toward Jupiter. This is important proof to support conventional theory. This research result was published in the American magazine Science  issued on Sept. 26 2014. Image  Evidence for global electron transportation into the Jovian inner magnetosphere.  Click to view larger image  ",Japan
" Sep. 5 2014 Updated Hayabusa2 revealed to the media ",Japan
" The Asteroid Explorer Hayabusa2  was shown to the media at Sagamihara Campus on August 31 2014. The Hayabusa2 is the successor of the Hayabusa which captured sample particles from an asteroid and returned to the Earth in 2010. By capitalizing on the experience of the Hayabusa the Hayabusa2 aims at acquiring samples and bringing them back from the C type asteroid 1999JU3 to elucidate the origin and evolution of the solar system and material for life. ",Japan
" I am bracing for the new voyage of the Hayabusa2. said Project Manager Kuninaka. The Hayabusa2 will be transferred to the Tanegashima Space Center for its launch in this winter after its final check there. ",Japan
" Sep. 5 2014 Updated NOAA to utilize data acquired by SHIZUKU ",Japan
" The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  NOAA  has begun to routinely utilize observational data acquired by the Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer 2  AMSR2  aboard the Global Change Observing Mission   Water SHIZUKU  GCOM W  to monitor the land ocean and atmosphere globally and around the U.S. GCOM W was launched by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency  JAXA  in May 2012 and JAXA started providing the AMSR data to NOAA in February 2013. AMSR2 measuring weak microwave emissions from the Earth s surface through clouds data can characterize storms to better and more precisely understand the internal structure such as the eye of a hurricane. This summer NOAA also began testing these data in its numerical weather prediction system which will improve the initialization of the forecast guidance models. In Japan the AMSR2 data application into the Numerical Weather Prediction System by the Japan Meteorological Agency started last September to improve precipitation forecast accuracy. ",Japan
" Image  Hurricane Arthur on July 3 2014 Microwave observation  GCOM W AMSR2 . ",Japan
" Sep. 2 2014 Updated GPM providing 3D precipitation data ",Japan
" Data acquired by the GPM Core Observatory the JAXA NASA joint development mission has been provided to the public since Sept. 2. The observatory was subjected to calibration operations to improve its data accuracy and as the operations were completed the acquired GPM products are now available for public users through the online Earth observation satellite data provision system called Global Portal System  orG Portal.  GPM products contribute to more accurate understanding of global precipitation including rain and snow to be utilized for improving weather forecast precision and prediction of typhoon paths through data assimilation among world meteorological organizations including the Japan Meteorological Agency. They are also expected to be useful for preparations for floods in Asian countries. ",Japan
" Aug. 11 2014 Updated First Image Data Acquisition by CIRC onboard DAICHI 2 ",Japan
" Compact Infrared Camera  CIRC  is a technology demonstration payload onboard the DAICHI 2. CIRC is an infrared sensor intended for observing forest fires volcanoes and heat island phenomena. Since the initial functional verification phase  July 4 14 2014  CIRC has acquired the following images of Earth. Image  Night image of California  CST 00 20 . ",Japan
" Jun. 27 2014 Updated First Image Data fromDAICHI 2   ALOS 2  ",Japan
" JAXA acquired images from the PALSAR 2 aboard the DAICHI 2  ALOS 2 . The DAICHI 2 was launched on May 24 2014 and it is currently under initial functional verification. The images were captured during the verification stage. ",Japan
" The DAICHI 2 s observation data is expected to contribute to understanding damages from a disaster monitoring deforestation and more efficiently understanding farming areas. We plan to start offering images to the general public in late November. ",Japan
" Comparison of images taken by PALSAR 2 and DAICHI PALSAR  Urayasu City  ",Japan
" Comparison of images taken by PALSAR 2 and the synthetic aperture radar aboard airplane  Nishinoshima Island  ",Japan
" PALSAR 2 movies ",Japan
" Jun. 4 2014 Updated IKAROS wakes up from hibernation mode for third time ",Japan
" The IKAROS seemed to wake up from its hibernation mode in mid April and JAXA searched for it based on its attitude and orbit prediction to receive its radio waves. On May 22  Thu.  we successfully found the IKAROS which is flying at a distance of about 230 million kilometers from the Earth. We will continue to receive data from the IKAROS until mid June to confirm its condition and analyze the information. ",Japan
" The IKAROS launched in May 2010 completed its mission and is now revolving around the sun about every 10 months. Power generation is insufficient for seven months out of 10 so the IKAROS goes into hibernation mode for this period by shutting down instruments. For the remaining three months the IKAROS is awake with enough power so that we can receivedata from it. ",Japan
" May 29 2014 Updated First Integration Test for ASTRO H  for XRT  ",Japan
" As manufacturing of two Hard X ray Telescopes  HXTs  and two Soft X ray Telescopes  SXTs  has been completed and their performance has been confirmed they are going to be subject to the first integration test. During the test the telescopes will be mounted on an optical board to make sure that there is no interference with other structures or the satellite bus as well as that no problems arise with operations for controlling the telescope position or angle and operation tools. Photo  Satellite surrounded by a scaffold ",Japan
" May 27 2014 Updated DAICHI 2 critical operation phase successfully completed  Initial function verification starts  ",Japan
" The DAICHI 2 launched from the Tanegashima Space Center on May 24 performed important tasks including L band synthetic aperture radar deployment after its injection into the orbit thus its critical operation phase was successfully completed. The DAICHI 2 will take about two and a half months to verify the function of its onboard equipment and instruments in space. We expect to be able to publish images taken by the DAICHI 2 for the first time in a few weeks to a month if everything goes as scheduled. ",Japan
" May 24 2014 Updated Successful launch of H IIA F 24 with DAICHI 2  ALOS 2   ",Japan
" The launch of the H IIA Launch Vehicle No. 24 with The Advanced Land Observing Satellite 2 DAICHI 2  ALOS 2  aboard was successfully performed at 12 05 14 p.m. on May 24  Sat.  2014  Japan Standard Time . The launch vehicle flew normally and separated the DAICHI 2 at about 15 minutes and 47 seconds after liftoff. The DAICHI 2 will conduct critical phase operations including deploying the PALSER 2 antenna. We await your support messages  ",Japan
" May 22 2014 Updated DAICHI 2 H IIA F24 to be launched soon  Live broadcast from 11 15 a.m. on May 24  Sat.  ",Japan
" The launch time of the H IIA Launch Vehicle No. 14  H IIA F14  with the DAICHI 2 onboard was set for 12 05 14 p.m. on May 24  Sat.  2014  Japan Standard Time . JAXA will broadcast a live launch report from the Tanegashima Space Center from 11 15 a.m. on the day. You can watch it through the Internet at home. Please do not miss this event  Please send your support messages for the mission or tweet it including the hashtag  daichi2. ",Japan
" May 1 2014 Updated DAICHI 2  ALOS 2  revealed to the media at TNSC ",Japan
" On March 28  Fri.  the Advanced Land Observing Satellite 2 DAICHI 2  ALOS 2  was revealed to the press at the Spacecraft Test and Assembly Building 2  STA 2  at the Tanegashima Space Center  TNSC.  Project manager Shinichi Suzuki who has been involved in the project since the DAICHI the predecessor of the DAICHI 2 commented We have developed high quality radar and data transmission technologies this time. Whenever our test results did not seem logical we discussed the results in cooperation with the manufacturer and related workers to find a solution. Now I would like to brace myself for the launch. ",Japan
" The DAICHI 2 will be launched by the H IIA Launch Vehicle No. 24 on May 24  Sat.  after going through final preparations. Once the DAICHI 2 is launched we hope it will work hard for us without coming back to the Earth again. DAICHI 2 have a safe trip under the best preparations  ",Japan
" Support messages for the DAICHI 2 launch are welcomed at the special site. ",Japan
" Mar. 31 2014 Updated DAICHI 2  ALOS 2  transportation to Tanegashima ",Japan
" We would like to report to you the transportation of the DAICHI 2  ALOS 2  from the Mitsubishi Electric s Kamakura Works where its assembly and tests were conducted to the Tanegashima Space Center  TNSC . Preparation for the transportation began around noon on Feb. 21.After midnight or in the very early morning of the 22nd the DAICHI packed in a container was loaded onto a large truck to go to Kawasaki Port. The container was then placed on a boat at the port to make a 56 hour trip by sea to Shimama Port on Tanegashima Island. The container unloaded from the ship waited on a large tractor till late at night when traffic became lighter and it was transported to the TNSC. The DAICH 2 was moved into the Spacecraft Test and Assembly Building 2  STA2  at the TNSC and unpacked there. The satellite will undergo various checks there. ",Japan
" Mar. 25 2014 Updated First Images Available from JAXA NASA Global Rain and Snowfall Satellite ",Japan
" JAXA and the NASA have released the first images captured by their newest Earth observing satellite GPM Core Observatory which launched into space Feb. 28  JST . ",Japan
" The images show precipitation falling inside a March 10 cyclone over the northwest Pacific Ocean east of Japan. The data were collected by the GPM Core Observatory s two instruments  JAXA s Dual frequency Precipitation Radar  DPR  which imaged a three dimensional cross section of the storm  and NASA s GPM Microwave Imager  GMI  which observed precipitation across a broad swath. ",Japan
" Mar. 20 2014 Updated AKARI made a step to a key to understand the material evolution in the universe ",Japan
" A team of astronomers based at the University of Tokyo has made a significant step in better understanding the material evolution of the universe. Led by Ms Tamami I. Mori a research fellow for the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science the study may help to give new insights into complex carbon chemistry in the galaxy. This work by Mori et al. has been recently published in issue 784 of the Astrophysical Journal. ",Japan
" Mar. 14 2014 Updated Launch date set for DAICHI 2 on H IIA F24  ",Japan
" The launch date and time for the H IIA Launch Vehicle No. 24  H IIA F24  with the Advanced Land Observing Satellite 2 DAICHI 2  ALOS 2  onboard was decided to be at around 12 05 p.m. thru 12 20 p.m.  JST  on May 24  Sat.  2014  Japan Standard Time.  The DAICHI 2  ALOS 2  is a follow on mission from the DAICHI   ALOS . It is equipped with the L band Synthetic Aperture Radar  PALSAR 2  and its major mission objectives are to secure the safety of people s lives and to solve global environmental problems. The latest information about the DAICHI 2 and its launch preparation status will be updated on this page. ",Japan
" Feb. 28 2014 Updated Successful launch of H IIA F23 with GPM core ovservatory aboard  ",Japan
" The launch of the H IIA Launch Vehicle No. 23 with the core observatory for the Global Precipitation Measurement mission aboard was successfully performed at 3 37 a.m. on February 28  Fri.  2014  JST . The launch vehicle flew normally and separated the GPM core observatory at about 15 minutes and 57 seconds after liftoff. The GPM core observatory will conduct critical phase operations. We await your support messages  ",Japan
" Feb. 24 2014 Updated Precise Global Digital 3D Map ALOS World 3D Homepage ",Japan
" JAXA is starting to process the precise global digital 3D map using some 3 million data images acquired by the Advanced Land Observing Satellite DAICHI  ALOS . The digital 3D map to be compiled this time has the world s best precision of five meters in spatial resolution with five meters height accuracy that enables us to express land terrain all over the world. Hence its strong character will prove useful in various areas including mapping damage prediction of a natural disaster water resource research etc. ",Japan
" Feb. 3 2014 Updated NOAA utilizes SHIZUKU data for typhoon monitoring ",Japan
" The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  NOAA  announced that it will utilize observation data acquired by the Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer 2  AMSR2  aboard the Global Change Observation Mission 1 Water SHIZUKU   GCOM W1  from June 1 2014 to monitor the birth and development of a tropical low pressure system. JAXA and NOAA signed the Memorandum of Understanding  MOU  on GCOM data application in 2011 and NOAA uses such data while transmitting AMSR2 data through its ground station to JAXA. While the inside structure of a typhoon cannot be clarified through cloud images taken by visible rays or infrared light observations AMSR2 s microwave observations can clearly capture images through clouds. When the Philippines was harshly damaged by the 30th typhoon in November 2013 the NOAA Hurricane Center utilized AMSR2 s observation data to specify its location and precipitation volume and to analyze its structure. As a result of the application at that time AMSR2 s observation data was recognized as suitable and useful for measuring a strong typhoon such as the 30th typhoon last year thus improving weather forecast precision. JAXA keeps working hard to develop the means to apply its precious satellite observation data in useful ways. ",Japan
" Jan. 17 2014 Updated GPM core observatory revealed to the media ",Japan
" On January 17  Fri.  the GPM core observatory was shown to the media in the Spacecraft Test and Assembly Building 2  STA2  at the Tanegashima Space Center  TNSC . The observatory was transported to the TNSC from the U.S. on Nov. 27 and its launch preparations at the launch site will continue ahead of its departure to space sometime between 3 07 a.m. and 5 07 a.m. on February 28 by the H IIA Launch Vehicle No. 23. Updated information about the preparation status in a timely manner is available on the GPM DPR special site. Your continued support is appreciated  ",Japan
" Jan. 10 2014 Updated Instantaneous heater in space ",Japan
" A research group led by Researcher Hiroya Yamaguchi at the NASA Goddard Space Center captured for the first time in the world proof of instantaneous electron heating to about 200 million degrees Celsius by shock waves ofTycho Brahe s Supernova remnant  generated by an explosion 422 years ago. This finding is an epoch making achievement attained thanks to the combination of high quality data obtained by the X ray astronomy satellite Suzaku  and the theoretical technique developed by the research group who took full advantage of the latest physics. This development takes a huge step forward toward the clarification of collisionless electron heating  which constantly exists in space. This achievement was published in the American science magazine The Astrophysical Journal   Vol. 780 issued on Jan 10 2014  as well as introduced in other media including Astronomy.  ",Japan
" Dec. 2 2013 Updated AMSR E Slow Rotation Data has been released ",Japan
" The AMSR E automatically halted its observations and rotation on October 4 2011  UTC  due to increased rotation friction. After then NASA and JAXA began to analyze the situation and had been seeking for the way to restart AMSR E observation. And on December 4 2012  UTC  the AMSR E restarted its observations and rotation with slow rotation  2 rotations per minute . JAXA completed initial radiometric and geometric correction for slow rotation data and now AMSR E Slow Rotation Data is available to public users. This data is useful for users who cross calibrate AMSR E with other radiometers and who try to research using new feature by slow rotation and so on. This data is not JAXA s standard product. AMSR2 Standard Product is available for general user. ",Japan
" Nov. 28 2013 Updated Satoshi Kogure Awarded with Leadership Award in GPS World 2013 ",Japan
" Satoshi Kogure mission manager of the Satellite System Technology Unit was awarded with GPS World 2013 Leadership Award  Satellite Division  hosted by GPS World. The award is given annually to the most distinguished figure in the Departments of Satellite Signals Services and Product. The voting process was taken by GPS editors and 40 experts. Kogure took part in the initiation of Multi gnss Advanced Demonstration tool for Orbit  and Clock Analysis  MADOCA  since 2001 in the development of the first Quasi Zenith Satellite MICHIBIKI which was launched in 2010. He has also led the technological development of GNSS such as GPS and Galileo in cooperation with other pertinent countries and has promoted the application of the satellite technologies. The ceremony was held on September 19 2014 at Hermitage Hotel Nashville TN USA. ",Japan
" Nov. 20 2013 Updated Hayabusa2 Small Carry on Impactor undergoes test ",Japan
" Hayabusa2 s Small Carry on Impactor  SCI  underwent a test in October 2013. The SCI is a device to create an artificial crater of the asteroid 1999JU3 which the Hayabusa 2 will travel toward. By making and observing an artificial crater we can acquire data not only about the surface but also about the inside of the asteroid. In addition by sampling near the crater we can collect inside samples of the asteroid. Hayabusa2 applies a method to throw a metal projectile against the asteroid with high speed to create an artificial crater. Through the test this time we confirmed the accelerating part of the projectile while aiming to verify if its speed configuration and thrown direction precision met the design when the pyrotechnics which were comparable to those of actual ones for the flight were ignited to set off the projectile. The test results were very impressive as the speed and configuration were almost as designed and the direction precision was also good as the SCI precisely hit a target that was 100 meters away. We were able to successfully complete the performance confirmation test of the SCI pyrotechnic part. ",Japan
" Oct. 31 2013 Updated Suzaku clarifies explosive period of heavy elements for first time ",Japan
" Researchers from Stanford University and JAXA elucidated through the observation by the X ray Astronomy Satellite Suzaku  that there was a period about 10 billion years ago when heavy elements including iron were spread throughout the universe and it was confirmed that those spread elements during that explosive period are the origin of most heavy elements currently existing in the universe. This achievement was published in the British science magazine Nature  on Oct. 31 2013. ",Japan
" Sep. 15 2013 Updated HISAKI  SPRINT A  Orbit Calculation Result and Critical Operation Period Completion ",Japan
" JAXA confirmed that the Spectroscopic Planet Observatory for Recognition of Interaction of Atmosphere HISAKI  SPRINT A  was injected into the planned orbit after its orbit calculation. We have now completed the critical operation period for the HISAKI  SPRINT A  after we successfully performed essential events including the planned orbit insertion solar array paddle deployment and sun acquisition. ",Japan
" Jun. 26 2013 Updated Particles captured on asteroid Itokawa on exhibition. ",Japan
" JAXA is exhibiting particles brought back to the Earth by the asteroid explorer Hayabusa  which returned in June 2010 at the National Museum of Nature and Science and at the Sagamihara City Museum thanks to their cooperation. ",Japan
"   National Museum of Nature and Science Permanent Exhibit From July 17 Between 9 00 a.m. thru 5 00 p.m. 9 00 a.m. thru 8 00 p.m. on Fridays ",Japan
"   Sagamihara City Museum Limited time Only Exhibit From July 17 thru 28 Between 9 30 a.m. thru 5 00 p.m.   To look through an optical microscope advanced reservations or getting a numbered ticket is required.   We can accommodate 840 people every day.   You can look at the particles through the TV monitor in the exhibition room during the period when the museum is open. ",Japan
" Jan. 30 2013 Updated Agreement signed with JMA on demonstration supporting disaster medicine ",Japan
" JAXA and the Japan Medical Association  JMA  signed an agreement to jointly conduct application experiments of the Wideband Internetworking Engineering Test and Demonstration satellite KIZUNA  to support disaster medicine after JAXA and JMA studied the utilization method of the KIZUNA in support activities and measures at the time of a large scale disaster. For disaster medicine support activities it is imperative to understand the actual conditions of shelters and the sick and wounded at a disaster stricken area then to share such information with all parties concerned. In the case of a large scale disaster the usual communication environment may be in total chaos. In July 2012 JMA and JAXA held demonstrations with scenarios of a huge earthquake. As a result the agreement this time was signed aiming at establishing a more useful information sharing method at the time of disaster via the Internet satellite under the common recognition of supporting as many disaster stricken people as possible. We will further work hard to provide helpful support at the time of a large scale disaster. ",Japan
" Jan. 11 2013 Updated Large Magellanic Clouds near infrared spectroscopic catalog ",Japan
" JAXA released theLarge Magellanic Clouds  LMC  near infrared spectroscopic catalogue to the world that was compiled by observation data acquired by the infrared imaging satellite AKARI.  The positional light source catalog released this time is one of the largest scale LMC catalogs and the first data as a spectroscopic  catalog in the world. The catalog which categorizes celestial bodies in the LMC is significant data for greatly advancing research on newly born stars as well as already developed ones. ",Japan
" Dec. 27 2012 Updated SPAISE  Space based AIS Experiment  compleded its normal oprational phase off to late use phase ",Japan
" On November 16 JAXA completed the normal operational use of the experiments of the AIS  Automatic Identification System  receiver aboard Small Demonstration Satellite 4  SDS 4 . In its normal phase the technological experiments of the AIS receiver were carried out and a total of 380000 signals was acquired under the various conditions including the variations of satellite parameters of the number of ships and of climate. Since November 17 the SDS 4 has entered into its late use phase where further research and analysis into the signals are expected to be applied in the following areas  ship tracking with a view to grasping the status of the operations of the ships marine environmental conservation by spotting the intrusion into the sanctuaries and maritime security using the obtained data for rescue operation. Image  Captured of the operation of the SDS 4 ",Japan
" Dec. 20 2012 Updated MICHIBIKI  Current status of rubidium atomic clock 2 ",Japan
" The First Quasi Zenith Satellite MICHIBIKI  is equipped with two rubidium atomic clocks Clock 1 for the operation system and Clock 2 for the spare system to construct the redundant structure. The former is currently used for generating positioning signals. At 2 40 a.m. on Dec. 19  Japan Standard Time  we found an anomaly in Clock 2 and we have not been able to restore its normal operations. We keep generating and providing positioning signals normally using Clock 1 while investigating the anomaly cause and studying countermeasures. ",Japan
" Dec. 6 2012 Updated Public release of carbon dioxide flux estimates based on observation data by IBUKI ",Japan
" The data of global CO2 fluxes on a monthly and regional basis for the one year period between June 2009 and May 2010 has been publicly distributed for the first time in the world. These flux values were estimated by combining ground based CO2 monitoring data and CO2 concentration data acquired through the improved observation method of the Greenhouse gases Observing SATellite IBUKI.  GOSAT . The calculation method has been improved for the concentration of greenhouse gases. The usefulness of the concentration data acquired by the satellite was quantitatively verified. In order to obtain better CO2 flux estimates we will continue to refine the data processing algorithms for the retrieval of CO2 concentrations from GOSAT data and the estimation of CO2 fluxes. ",Japan
" Dec. 3 2012 Updated Certificate of appreciation to Japan and US TRMM scientists from JAXA and NASA ",Japan
" Certificate of appreciation was given to eight Japan and US TRMM scientists for their outstanding contribution to the scientific activities applications and accomplishments of 15 successful years of the TRMM from Dr. Masanori Homma Executive Director JAXA and Dr. Michael Freilich Director Earth Science Division NASA. Photo  Dr. Okamoto  right  received the certificate of appreciation from Dr. Kakar  left . ",Japan
" Nov. 30 2012 Updated IKAROS world record certified  ",Japan
" The Small Solar Power Sail Demonstrator IKAROS  and its two separated cameras DCAM1 and DCAM2  have been recognized by GUINNESS World Record  TM . The IKAROS was awarded as the world s first solar sail spacecraft between planets and the two separated cameras were recognized for the smallest size of a spacecraft flying between planets. ",Japan
" Left  Osamu Mori IKAROS Demonstration Team chief Right  Hirotaka Sawada engineer  in charge of developing the DCAM  ",Japan
" Nov. 29 2012 Updated Cloud Profiling Radar  CPR  engineering model ",Japan
" On Nov. 27 JAXA revealed to the media at the Tsukuba Space Center an engineering model  of the Cloud Profiling Radar  CPR  which will be aboard the Earth Clouds Aerosols and Radiation Explorer  Earth CARE . The CPR is a sensor to observe cloud distribution by emitting radiation to the ground and receiving its reflection wave. It is under development by JAXA in cooperation with the National Institute of Information and Communications Technology  NICT . ",Japan
"  An engineering model is manufactured in almost the same manner as the actual flight model in order to test technical matters. With the engineering model we can perform a test under harsher conditions than the actual flight environment to acquire necessary data for establishing mechanical and electric designs test methods and the manufacturing process. After confirming if electric structural and thermal designs of this engineering model properly perform their functions we will move to the next development phase of flight model manufacturing. ",Japan
" Nov. 19 2012 Updated HINODE captured total solar eclipse over Australia ",Japan
" The Solar Physics Satellite HINODE  captured the scene of the total solar eclipse in Australia. Its onboard X ray telescope  XRT  took images of the sun gradually being covered by the moon at around 5 25 a.m. on Nov. 14 2012  Japan Standard Time  while the HINODE was flying over northern Australia. The moon appeared from the south then moved in front of the sun toward the north western direction. The images show that the black moon was traveling with a bright solar corona behind it. The largest eclipsed area observed by the HINODE was 99.3  thus it was only one step shy of the total eclipse. The HINODE is flying very fast at about 27000 km per hour thus its acquired data this time covers a portion of the partial sun eclipse for about 17 minutes. The HINODE also met the sun eclipse over the South American Continent four hours later but its observation data there was also a partial eclipse. The HINODE is also supporting total eclipse observations from Australia by measuring ultraviolet ray emissions from the corona using its onboard Extreme Ultraviolet  EUV  Imaging Spectrometer. ",Japan
" Oct. 25 2012 Updated KIKU No.8 starts data transmission test from GPS tsunami gauge ",Japan
" JAXA started a data transmission test from a GPS tsunami gauge through the Engineering Test Satellite VIII KIKU No.8  ETS VIII  on Oct. 24 in cooperation with the National Institute of Information and Communications Technology  NICT  Hitachi Zosen Corporation the Earthquake Research Institute of The University of Tokyo and Kochi national College of Technology. During the test wave observation information acquired by a GPS tsunami gauge set on a buoy about 40 kms offshore of Muroto Point Kochi Prefecture is sent to shore via the KIKU No.8. If the test is successful leading to such a transmission becoming practically available it is expected to be helpful as it can continuously provide accurate tsunami data received offshore not only in Japan but all over the world when a ground GPS tsunami gauge is damaged due to power and or power line failure caused by an earthquake or tsunami. ",Japan
" Oct. 17 2012 Updated Advanced Land Observing Satellite 2  System thermal vacuum test ",Japan
" The thermal vacuum test for the Advanced Land Observing Satellite 2 ALOS 2 started on Oct. 16th at the Tsukuba Space Center. It is scheduled to be completed in late November. The thermal vacuum test is to verify if electric functions and thermal controls of the satellite properly work in the 13m  space chamber that simulates the space environment. The photo here was taken on Oct. 3rd. It shows the satellite s main body preparing for the test. ",Japan
" Sep. 10 2012 Updated KODAMA on orbit operations mark 10 years ",Japan
" The KODAMA which was launched on Sept. 10 2002 has marked its 10 year anniversary. The KODAMA succeeded in a data relay experiment with the world s fastest speed of 278 Mbps using the Advanced Land Observing Satellite DAICHI and has been contributing to global land observations and disaster monitoring with the DAICHI by utilizing KODAMA s broad view area and real time and large volume data relay capacity. Some 95  of DAICHI s 6.54 million scenes  or almost one PB of observation data  were received on earth through KODAMA s relays. Also in these 10 years the KODAMA successfully conducted data relay tests with six different spacecraft including the International Space Station  ISS  Japanese Experiment Module Kibo  and its operating rate for experiments has reached as high as 99 . As we expect more data relay satellite utilization plans in the future we continue to operate the KODAMA while preparing to maintain our country s satellite data relay capability. ",Japan
" Jun. 6 2012 Updated SDS 4 received Automatic Identification System  AIS  from ships ",Japan
" The AIS receiver aboard the Small Demonstration Satellite 4  SDS 4  launched by the H IIA Launch Vehicle on May 18 was confirmed to receive automatic identification system  AIS  from ships cruising around Japan. The SDS 4 was launched as a secondary payload with the main payload the Global Change Observation Mission 1st  Water SHIZUKU . We will continue our engineering verification of the satellite AIS receiver by receiving AIS not only from Japan s adjoining seas but also in other waters. In addition we will cooperate with the Japan Coast Guard the Kanto Regional Development Bureau and the National Institute for Land and Infrastructure Management to study satellite AIS data applications. Image  AIS signal acquisition image by Space based AIS Experiment  SPAISE  ",Japan
" Jan. 31 2012 Updated AKATSUKI current status and future operation ",Japan
" JAXA decided to carry out orbit control of the AKATSUKI using its liquid fuel thrusters for altitude control  or the reaction control subsystem RCS.  Based on this decision almost all of the unnecessary oxidizer was discarded in Oct. 2011. As a result the satellite became lighter and remaining fuel can be more efficiently used for orbit control. In November 2011 orbit control operation at perihelion was performed three times using the RCS for the future rendezvous with Venus and the orbit has been shifted as planned. The AKATSUKI is now flying on an orbit where it can meet with Venus in 2015   . The satellite has to be exposed to the extremely harsh thermal environment every time it passes through the perihelion until it is injected into the Venus orbit  therefore we are operating the AKATSUKI with great care to maintain its condition. ",Japan
"     ",Japan
" It is desirable to inject the satellite into the Venus orbit in 2016 from a scientific observation point of view because we can put the satellite in an orbit that is closer to the equator in 2016. However as we take the satellite s operational challenges after its design life into consideration we keep comparing the insertion in 2015 and that in 2016 to finalize our plan in order to maximize our observation achievements while monitoring the satellite s status. ",Japan
" Dec. 21 2011 Updated ASTRO G project suspension ",Japan
" JAXA decided to suspend the Radio Astronomical Satellite ASTRO G project because we found a technological difficulty for a high precision 9 meter deployment antenna which is the key device for observations. The satellite has been developed to achieve high resolution astronomical observations. The currently available antenna specular accuracy does not allow us to gain the most important scientific results. Also even if we downgrade our scientific target to an attainable range it became clear that we require far more time and money than for the original plan. Considering all the above conditions we have decided to halt the project. ",Japan
" Oct. 20 2011 Updated Last thank you message to DAICHI from Japan Coast Guard ",Japan
" The land observing satellite DAICHI which completed its operations in May 2011 had contributed to the Japan Coast Guard  JCG  by providing satellite images of ocean ice for a long time. On Oct. 18 the JCG sent a laser beam as a last message directly to the DAICHI from its Shimosato hydrographic observatory where they conduct satellite laser ranging. By doing so they would like to show their appreciation to the satellite. The observatory then received a reflection signal from the DAICHI s reflection prism to confirm that thebeam reached the satellite. The DAICHI must be very pleased to accept the JCG s gratitude. ",Japan
" Jul. 11 2011 Updated GCOM C1 structural model sinusoidal vibration test ",Japan
" JAXA conducted a sinusoidal vibration test for the GCOM C1 using a structural model. This test using simulated vibrations verifies if the satellite s structure and onboard equipment can bear sinusoidal vibrations which are generated at the time of launch. The test was successful and we confirmed that the satellite is strong enough. The structural model is a mechanically mocked satellite for verifying the tolerance of the satellite s main body and onboard equipment not only against sinusoidal vibrations at the time of launch but also against other factors including the acoustic environment shock at the time of separation from the launch vehicle and impact of the solar array paddle deployment. ",Japan
" May 26 2011 Updated AJISAI received the Tsuboi Prize of the Geodetic Society of Japan  Group Prize  ",Japan
" The 25 year operation and precious observation data of the Experimental Geodetic Satellite AJISAI  EGS  was highly evaluated by the Geodetic Society of Japan and on May 23 2011 the Tsuboi Prize  Group Prize  was awarded to a group led by former space verification team project manager Eiichi Hashimoto. The group consists of JAXA the National Institute of Information and Communications Technology  NICT  the Japan Coast Guard  JCG  Geospatial Information Authority of Japan  GSI  and Hitotsubashi University. The AJISAI was launched on August 13 1986 to establish the Japan s geodetic datum. The Tsuboi Prize of the Geodetic Society of Japan  Group Prize  is awarded to a group that has made outstanding contributions to geodetic studies as organizational activities are particularly important for geodetic research. ",Japan
" AJISAI s major achievements ",Japan
" Contributions to updating a nautical chart of Japan s neighboring waters and determining locations of islets  JCG s original objectives  ",Japan
" Communications and positioning experiments and technological developments  NICT Hitotsubashi Univ.  ",Japan
" Research on satellite rotation  GSI  ",Japan
" Acquired technology for accurate orbit determination by laser ranging  JAXA  ",Japan
" Decided the 36th to 50th gravity field model  world research institutes such as Jet Propulsion Laboratory JPL and Deutsches Zentrum f r Luft  und Raumfahrt DLR  ",Japan
" Contributed to construct the International Terrestrial Reference Frames  ITRF  ",Japan
" Determined the absolute value of the velocity field for plate tectonics motion thanks to the long term motion analysis of 25 years by the AJISAI ",Japan
" Recently verified that the core inside the Earth is vibrating through the analysis combined with the LAGIOS1 2 . The result of the verified fact was incorporated into the new earth rotation model  IERS2010.  ",Japan
" Jul. 5 2010 Updated Global distribution of olivine from the lunar interior and its origin revealed by KAGUYA ",Japan
" Spectral Profiler onboard on Japanese lunar explorer SELENE Kaguya revealed the global distribution of olivine on the lunar surface and its origin. This new finding provides us important insight into the Moon s origin and evolution. This result was published in the British scientific journal Nature Geosciences on July 4 2010. ",Japan
" Sep. 24 2009 Updated KIRARI  Signals stopped  successful operation ends ",Japan
" At 2 48 p.m. on Sept. 24 2009 signal transmissions to the Optical Inter orbit Communications Engineering Test Satellite KIRARI  OICETS  were terminated and its operation was completed. The KIRARI was initially scheduled to be operated in orbit for about one year but it survived for four years much longer than the original plan. The KIRARI was launched by the Dnepr Launch Vehicle from the Baikonur Cosmodrome Kazakhstan on Aug. 24 2005 and made many achievements in the space optical communication area including bi directional optical inter satellite communication and links between a lower orbit satellite and a ground optical station. ",Japan
" Wolf   Fenrir  Son of Odin  ",Japan
" Chapter 10  The Binding of Wolf Fenrir ",Japan
" The Binding of Wolf Fenrir revolves around the prophecy of Ragnarok Fenrir the Wolf Tyr God of Justice and Honor and the Norse Pantheon in general. ",Japan
" CoolMiniOrNot   Fenrir   Blood Rage ",Japan
" The Internet s largest gallery of painted miniatures with a large repository of how to articles on miniature painting ",Japan
" Wolf Fenrir   Norse Mythology   Story of Monstrous Wolf ",Japan
" Fenrir The image of Monstrous wolf Fenrir Fenrir also known as Fenris lfr was the most monstrous and the most savage wolf in Norse mythology. The word Fenrir  means He Who Dwells in The Marshes  or the Fen dweller . In the myth huge hairy he appeared ",Japan
" Fenrir Render   Final Fantasy XIV  A Realm Reborn Art Gallery ",Japan
" View an image titled  Fenrir Render  in our Final Fantasy XIV  A Realm Reborn art gallery featuring official character designs concept art and promo pictures. ",Japan
" Art of Akihiko Yoshida ",Japan
" This is a blog dedicated to showing off the works of Japanese artist   video game character... ",Japan
" Eyes on Final Fantasy   Patch 2.4 Screenshots Show Fenrir Ninja and Rogue    Final Fantasy XIV ",Japan
" As well as dropping more details on the three new dungeons for Patch 2.4 Square Enix have released a load of pretty screenshots for us fans to oggle over  The screenshots have been released over at GameWatch  http   game.watch.impress.co.jp docs news 20141006 670078.html  and show lots of new content including some cute Rogue pictures some badass Ninja images and even a picture of fan favourite mascot Fenrir... 59961 It seems that Fenrir will be starring as the final boss of new  ",Japan
" To enjoy our content please include The Japan Times on your ad blocker s list of approved sites. ",Japan
" Xi and Cameron s  bromance  all for nothing after Brexit vote ",Japan
" Sorry but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you re not sure how to activate it please refer to this site  https   www.enable javascript.com  ",Japan
" HONG KONG   Just eight months ago Chinese President Xi Jinping was snapping selfies with soccer stars in Manchester dining at Buckingham Palace and drinking beer in an English pub. ",Japan
" Queen Elizabeth hailed Xi s U.K. visit as a defining moment.  Xi and Prime Minister David Cameron heralded in a golden era  of relations establishing the U.K. as China s best partner in the West.  Xi quoted Shakespeare and stressed Britain s positive role  in deepening China s ties with the European Union. ",Japan
" Now Cameron is on the way out Britain has voted to exit the EU and Xi s being forced to reassess his strategy for the 28 member bloc China s second biggest trading partner according to data compiled by Bloomberg. ",Japan
" The U.K. has been a key advocate for China in Europe from building trade and financial links to supporting initiatives such as the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. Beijing s leaders were counting on the U.K. s backing later this year when the bloc decides whether to grant China market economy status. ",Japan
" One major reason why China attaches great importance to its relations with the U.K. is to leverage EU policy via the U.K.  said Xie Tao a professor of political science at Beijing Foreign Studies University. London s value as a bridgehead  to Europe has been lost with Brexit Xie said leaving China to turn its focus to Germany. ",Japan
" Moreover Thursday s referendum introduced new uncertainty to the global status quo shocking financial markets and adding new pressure on China s slowing economy. Avoiding a hard landing is central to maintaining the Communist Party s own reputation as sound economic stewards. ",Japan
" Premier Li Keqiang the highest ranking Chinese leader to comment on the vote on Monday said the decision had further increased the uncertainty in the global economy.  We would like to see a united stable EU and a stable prosperous Britain  Li told a World Economic Forum gathering in the northern port city of Tianjin. ",Japan
" In the longer term the U.K. s exit could bring opportunities as well as risks. A U.K. facing marginalization in Europe could be more eager to boost ties with China a vital source of trade and financial business. The country   a key market for British cars drugs and machinery   represents 4.4 percent of the U.K. s exports about three times as much as a decade ago. ",Japan
" Brexit might end up as a blessing in disguise for China  said Ruan Zongze vice president of China Institute of International Studies a policy research group run by China s Ministry of Foreign Affairs. It looks like a bad situation on the surface but there are opportunities that can be discovered and played up as long as there s effort on both sides.  ",Japan
" However a more conservative U.K. could turn instead to the U.S. and strengthen their old alliance. The nationalistic undercurrents to the Brexit debate could grow louder leading the U.K. to pull back from the free market orthodoxy that has favored greater ties with China. ",Japan
" If a more conservative leader takes over the successor may ditch the U.K. s current China strategy and move back toward its  special relationship  with the U.S.  said Zhang Baohui director of the Center for Asian Pacific Studies at Lingnan University in Hong Kong. A weakened EU which may see more defections after the British vote is not in China s grand strategic interests.  ",Japan
" Cameron spent four years overcoming the diplomatic fallout from his 2012 meeting with the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama which led to a freeze in communications with Beijing. He sought greater economic links including the award of a nuclear plant deal to Chinese companies and invested in personal ties with Xi epitomized by the fish and chips dinner they shared near Cameron s countryside estate in October. ",Japan
" Xi pledged more than  40 billion   53.6 billion  of investments during his visit including China General Nuclear Power Corp. s  6 billion contribution to building the Hinkley station in southwest England. The U.K. as an important member of the EU can play an even more positive and constructive role in promoting the deepening development of China EU ties  Xi said. ",Japan
" There s also the prospect that the Brexit result emboldens populist protectionist forces elsewhere in the West challenging a global trade system that has fueled China s economic rise at the expense of manufacturing jobs in developed economies. ",Japan
" China is a likely loser geo economically because the prospects for a more open global trade and investment environment are weakened  said William Overholt a senior fellow at Harvard University s Asia Center. The localist protectionist forces are strengthening everywhere and Brexit makes it clear that they are capable of successfully confronting the globalizing elite.  ",Japan
" The U.K. was the first European country to sign up for the China led AIIB a move that annoyed Washington but was quickly followed by Germany France Italy and others. London now handles the bulk of the EU s yuan trading and became the world s second largest renminbi clearing house worldwide after Hong Kong. ",Japan
" On the whole China would have preferred for their own self interest for the U.K. to stay in the EU  said Kerry Brown director of the Lau China Institute at King s College London and a former U.K. diplomat in Beijing. In the end I think that China will work to its advantage with whatever outcome eventually emerges.  ",Japan
" In a time of both misinformation and too much information quality journalism is more crucial than ever. By subscribing you can help us get the story right. ",Japan
" PHOTO GALLERY  CLICK TO ENLARGE  ",Japan
" KEYWORDS ",Japan
" With your current subscription plan you can comment on stories. However before writing your first comment please create a display name in the Profile section of your subscriber account page. ",Japan
" Your subscription plan doesn t allow commenting. To learn more see our FAQ ",Japan
